in a medium bowl combine the buttermilk, mayo, chives, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, parsley, basil and black pepper and mix., add the shredded chicken and mix well. refrigerate until ready to eat.preheat oven to 425f. spray a large baking sheet lightly with spray., combine breadcrumbs and parmesan cheese in a bowl. beat the egg in another bowl., dip the chicken into the eggs, then into the breadcrumb mixture. discard the remaining crumbs., place the chicken on the prepared baking sheet, lightly spray the top with oil and bake in the oven for 25 minutes, do not turn. when done, remove from the oven and reduce oven temp to 400f., meanwhile, combine the ricotta, parmesan cheese, and basil in a medium bowl., in a 9 x 13 x 3inch pyrex deep baking dish, ladle 34 cup of marinara on the bottom of the dish., arrange 3 lasagna noodles across the dish they will expand as they cook, top with 34 cup sauce, 4 pieces of chicken, 14 of the ricotta cheese mixture, 12 cup mozzarella cheese, 34 cup spinach., repeat the 2nd layer, skipping the chicken., repeat the 3rd layer with the chicken, and the 4th layer without the chicken., for the 5th layer, spread the last 3 sheets of pasta noodles with the remaining 1 12 cups of marinara sauce on top., cover with foil and bake in a 400f preheated oven in the center rack 50 minutes., uncover, add the remaining cup of mozzarella and bake until melted, 5 minutes., remove from oven and let it rest 15 minutes before serving.lightly season the chicken with salt., in a small bowl, combine chicken broth and soy sauce., in a second small bowl combine the cornstarch and water and mix well to combine., heat a large nonstick wok over mediumhigh heat, when hot add 1 teaspoon of the oil, then add the asparagus and cook until tendercrisp, about 3 to 4 minutes., add the garlic and ginger and cook until golden, about 1 minute. set aside., increase the heat to high, then add 1 teaspoon of oil and half of the chicken and cook until browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes on each side., remove and set aside and repeat with the remaining oil and chicken. set aside., add the soy sauce mixture bring to a boil and cook about 112 minutes., add lemon juice and cornstarch mixture and stir well, when it simmers return the chicken and asparagus to the wok and mix well, remove from heat and serve.place the parchment paper down on your work surface., layer 6 to 7 large leaves of lettuce in the middle of parchment paper so that you create a lettuce base about 9 inches by 10 inches., spread the mayo in the center of the lettuce wrap., layer with the chicken or turkey, bacon and tomato., starting with the end closest to you, roll the lettuce wraps jelly roll style using the parchment as your base as tight as possible., halfway through rolling, tuck the ends of the wraps towards the middle., continue to roll the lettuce wrap, keeping it as tight as possible and using the parchment paper to guide you., when it is completely wrapped, roll the remainder of the parchment around the lettuce tightly., using a serrated knife, cut the lettuce wrap almost completely, leaving a small piece of the parchment intact to help hold it together.make peanut sauce combine all ingredients in a small bowl. whisk until smooth. set aside.make vinaigrette combine all ingredients in another small bowl. whisk until smooth. set aside., preheat outdoor grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. place chicken between a piece of plastic wrap or parchment and pound to an even thickness. season with salt and pepper. grill for 56 minutes, turn and grill for an additional 56 minutes more, or until chicken is cooked through. allow chicken to rest for 5 minutes, then slice thin., meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine greens, bell pepper, carrots and jicama. add peanut sauce, vinaigrette and chicken and gently toss to combine. divide the salad among 4 bowls and top each with 2 tablespoons tortilla strips. serve immediately.to make the pesto in a food processor, pulse basil, spinach and arugula mix, garlic, parmesan cheese, salt and pepper until smooth. slowly add the olive oil while pulsing., place couscous in a medium, heatproof bowl. add boiling water and 14 teaspoon salt. cover., let stand for 5 minutes or until liquid has been absorbed. fluff couscous with a fork to separate grains., add 2 tablespoons of the pesto. toss to combine and set aside., pound the thicker end of the chicken to make both sides leveled out so they cook evenly., spritz with oil and season with 12 teaspoon salt and black pepper., heat a grill or grill pan on mediumhigh heat., spritz the zucchini and tomato all over with olive oil, season with salt and pepper., cook zucchini, in batches, for 2 to 3 minutes each side or until tender. transfer to a baking sheet. cover to keep warm., add tomato to the grill. cook, turning, for 1 to 2 minutes or until softened., cook the chicken 3 to 4 minutes each side or until browned and cooked through. slice., divide couscous between 4 plates, 34 cup each., top with vegetables and chicken. drizzle with remaining pesto. serve.bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat. sprinkle chicken with seasonings, and cook for about 4 minutes per side, until cooked through., once cool enough to handle, roughly chop. in a small bowl, coat chicken with bbq sauce., lay tortilla flat, and spread bbq chicken onto one half. top chicken with remaining ingredients., clean skillet, if needed. respray and return to mediumhigh heat. cook the halfloaded tortilla for 2 minutes., fold the bare tortilla half over the filling with a spatula, and press lightly to seal. carefully flip and cook until crispy, about 3 minutes., slice into wedges.remove the chicken legs, wings and thighs from the rotisserie chicken and set aside for another meal., remove the skin from the 2 breasts and remove the meat from the bones. break the chicken into chunks with your hands or a knife and place into a large bowl. add the fresh dill, lemon juice, lemon zest, olive oil and salt., refrigerate until ready to eat.in a large heavy skillet melt the butter over medium heat. add the rice and saute about 23 minutes., add the chicken broth and peas and bring to a boil. when just about all the liquid is absorbed just skimming the top of the rice, cover and reduce heat to low., cook, covered on low heat 20 minutes, until rice is cooked through. shut off and let stand covered 5 minutes., meanwhile, in second large skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of the olive oil over medium heat until hot., season shrimp with salt and pepper and add to hot skillet. cook about 23 minutes, until the shrimp is opaque and cooked through. remove shrimp from pan and set aside., add the 2 remaining teaspoons of olive oil to the skillet on high heat and add the cooked rice, shrimp, grated cheese and parsley and saute another minute or two to slightly crisp, mixing well.melt butter over low heat in a large pot. add onion and saute until soft, about 2minutes., cut the asparagus in half and add to the pot along with chicken broth and black pepper, to taste. bring to a boil, cover and cook low about 20 minutes or until asparagus is very tender., remove from heat, add sour cream and using your hand held blender, puree until smooth or in two batches in a large blender.wash and drain the peas in a colander., in a small skillet, saute onions and garlic in oil over medium heat until soft, about 3 minutes., transfer to the slow cooker and add peas, carrots, ham hock and chicken broth, cover and cook on low 10 hours, until the peas are tender., remove ham hock and season with black pepper., discard the skin of the ham hock and shred the pork off the bone, add back to the soup.heat a large heavy pot or dutch oven over medium flame. when hot, spray with oil., add onions and garlic, saute until soft, about 4 to 5 minutes., add the meat and cook, breaking it up until white and cooked through, about 5 minutes., add diced green chilies, salt, cumin, oregano, chili powder, red pepper flakes and cook for 2 minutes., pure 1 can of beans in the blender with 1 cup of the broth. add to the pot with the remaining beans, broth and bay leaf and bring to a boil., cover and reduce to a simmer, about 30 to 35 minutes mixing occasionally, until thickened and the flavors meld., stir in sour cream and cook 4 to 5 minutes. adjust seasoning and salt to taste., to serve, topped with your favorite toppings., slow cooker directions to make in the slow cooker, follow steps 1 to 5, reducing the broth to 1 12 cups and transfer to the slow cooker for 8 hours on low., instant pot directions to make in the instant pot, you will need an 8 quart ip or halve the recipe. reduce the broth to 1 12 cups, cook high pressure 25 minutes.oven directions, preheat oven to 425f. spray a sheet pan with oil., place broccoli in the microwave with 1 tablespoon water, cover and cook 1 minute until soft. drain and season with 14 teaspoon salt., in a small bowl, combine egg, water and a little salt and beat with a fork set aside. fill a second bowl with breadcrumbs., if the chicken isnt 14inch thin, pound it thin with wax paper and a mallet. season both sides of the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt. place a 12 slice cheese in the center of the chicken and top with 2 tablespoons broccoli., roll the chicken around to completely cover cheese, using toothpicks to secure the ends, if needed., dip chicken into egg wash, then breadcrumbs and transfer to a sheet pan. spray both sides of the chicken with oil and bake about 25 minutes, until cooked. remove toothpicks and eat., air fryer recipe, preheat air fryer to 400f. spray a sheet pan with oil., place broccoli in the microwave with 1 tablespoon water, cover and cook 1 minute until soft. drain and season with 14 teaspoon salt., in a small bowl, combine egg, water and a little salt and beat with a fork set aside. fill a second bowl with breadcrumbs., if the chicken isnt thin enough to easily roll, pound it thin with wax paper and a mallet. season both sides of the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt. place a 12 slice cheese in the center of the chicken and top with 2 tablespoons broccoli., roll the chicken around to completely cover cheese, using toothpicks to secure the ends, if needed., dip chicken into egg wash, then breadcrumbs and transfer to a work surface. spray both sides of the chicken with oil and transfer to the air fryer basket, in batches. cook about 14 to 16 minutes, turning halfway until the chicken is cooked through in the center. remove toothpicks before eating.stove top directions, in a large dutch oven or heavy pot, melt butter over medium heat., add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt and saute until vegetables start to soften, about 5 minutes., sprinkle flour evenly over vegetables and cook, stirring often, for 1 minute., add wine and deglaze the pot scraping brown bits off the bottom., add the thyme, broth, cauliflower and potatoes, bring the pot to a boil, then reduce heat to simmer, cover and cook for 20 minutes., remove the lid from pot and transfer the cauliflower and 1 cup of the soup to a blender and blend until smooth. transfer puree back to the pot., add the milk, corn, and smoked salmon and heat through for about 5 minutes., season with remaining salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste., ladle 2 cups of soup into each bowl and top with chives, instant pot directions, press saute on the instant pot., when hot, add the butter. once melted, add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt and saute until vegetables start to soften, about 5 minutes., sprinkle flour evenly over vegetables and cook, stirring often, for 1 minute., press cancel. add the wine and deglaze the pot scraping brown bits off the bottom., add the thyme, broth, cauliflower and potatoes, seal and switch pot to manual., cook on high pressure for 10 minutes., quick release, then open when the pressure subsides., transfer the cauliflower and 1 cup of the soup to a blender and blend until smooth. transfer puree back to the pot., add the milk, corn, and smoked salmon and heat through for about 5 minutes., season with remaining salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste., ladle 2 cups of soup into each bowl and top with chives.using the saute function on low, if possible, heat the oil in the pressure cooker pot. stir in the garlic and cook until just turning golden, about 2 minutes. stir in the marinara sauce, 2 tablespoons of the parmesan, and 14 teaspoon pepper., increase the saute heat to medium., season the chicken with the salt, oregano, and pepper to taste. nestle the cutlets into the sauce, overlapping as little as possible, then spoon the sauce over to cover the chicken., lock the lid into place and cook on low pressure for 3 minutes. manually release the pressure., sprinkle the mozzarella and the remaining 1 tablespoon parmesan evenly over the chicken. cover the pot with the lid but dont lock it on and let it sit for 4 to 5 minutes to melt the cheese., serve as is or, for deeper flavors and a little bit of crispiness, broil the cheese until golden and bubbling heat the broiler with a rack 4 inches from the heat source. scoop the chicken and sauce into a greased small rimmed baking sheet, trying to keep the cheese on top. broil until the cheese has browned, 2 to 3 minutes. sprinkle with basil, if desired.heat a large pot over medium heat., add the oil, 1 cup of scallions and garlic. saute about 2 to 3 minutes until soft then add the tomatoes and saute another minute, until soft., add chicken stock, cumin and chile powder and bring to a boil. simmer, covered on low for about 15 minutes., in four bowls, fill each with 12 cup chicken, 12 avocado, remainder of the scallions, and cilantro. ladle 1 cup chicken broth over the chicken and serve with a lime wedge.season the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt, ginger, garlic, 12 teaspoon garam masala, chili powder, 14 teaspoon turmeric and lemon juice., in a large skillet over high heat, add 1 teaspoon ghee. add half of the chicken and cook until browned, and cooked through, about 5 minutes stirring halfway., set aside and repeat with the remaining ghee and chicken. set aside., add 2 teaspoons ghee to the skillet, reduce heat to mediumhigh and add the onion, cook until they become golden about 3 to 4 minutes., add the green chili, cauliflower rice, remaining 1 teaspoon of salt, 12 teaspoon garam masala and 12 teaspoon turmeric., cook, stirring until tender, about 6 minutes., stir in chicken and garnish with cilantro., serve with lemon wedges.stove top directions, place bacon in a large dutch oven or heavy pot and saute over medium heat, until cooked and crispy. remove bacon with a slotted spoon and place on a paper towel lined plate. set aside., with the pot still over medium heat, add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. sprinkle the flour over the onions, add turmeric, thyme, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for an additional minute, stirring constantly., add the broth, potatoes and cauliflower and stir with a wooden spoon, scraping the bottom of the pot this releases the caramelized bits on the bottom. bring the pot to a boil then decrease to simmer, cover and cook 20 minutes., meanwhile, heat 4 ounces about 23 cup of the corn with a splash of water in a small microwave safedish until just defrosted, about 1 minute., remove the lid from pot and transfer the cauliflower, 1 cup of the soup and warmed corn to a blender and blend until smooth. transfer puree back to the pot., add the remainder of the frozen corn, the milk and cheese. mix then simmer for 3 minutes or until the cheese is melted and soup is heated through. taste and adjust salt, if necessary. serve topped with reserved bacon pieces., instant pot directions, press the saute button on an electric pressure cooker. add the bacon and saute until cooked and crispy. remove bacon with a slotted spoon and place on a paper towel lined plate. set aside., in the pressure cooker still on saute, add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. sprinkle the flour over the onions, add turmeric, thyme, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for an additional minute, stirring constantly., add the broth, potatoes and cauliflower and stir with a wooden spoon, scraping the bottom of the pot this releases the caramelized bits on the bottom., seal and cook on high pressure for 10 minutes. quick release, then open when the pressure subsides., meanwhile, heat the corn with 2 tablespoons of water in microwave safedish until just heated through, about 3 minutes., transfer the cauliflower, 1 cup of the soup and 23 cup warmed corn to a blender and blend until smooth. transfer puree back to the pot and stir well., add the remainder of corn, milk and cheese. mix then cover for 3 minutes or until the cheese is melted and soup is heated through. taste and adjust salt, if necessary. serve topped with reserved bacon pieces.instant pot, season the chicken with salt., press saute and add the oil., add the onion, celery, carrot and garlic and saute until soft, 4 to 5 minutes., add the chicken, broth, bay leaves and 18 teaspoon black pepper., cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes, let the pressure release naturally., discard the bay leaves, coarsely shred the chicken with two forks and return to the soup, add the noodles and cook 2 minutes high pressure. quick or natural release., garnish with parsley and serve., stove, season the chicken with salt., heat a large pot or dutch oven over medium high heat., add the oil, onion, celery, carrot and garlic and saute until soft, 5 minutes., add the chicken, chicken broth, 14 cup water, bay leaves and 18 teaspoon black pepper., bring to a boil over high heat, then cover and reduce to a simmer, cook until the chicken shreds easily with a fork, about 35 minutes., discard the bay leaves, coarsely shred the chicken with two forks and return to the soup, add the noodles and cook according to the package directions., garnish with parsley and serve.preheat the air fryer., wrap a piece of bacon around each piece of chicken and secure with a toothpick., air fry, in batches in an even layer 400f for 8 minutes, turning halfway until the chicken is cooked and the bacon is browned., blot on a paper towel and serve right away.rinse the leeks well and separate the layers to make sure there is no dirt. slice into 14inch thick half moons., preheat the oven to 375 degrees., mix together 1 14 teaspoons of salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and the paprika and season all sides of the chicken., heat a large dutch oven or oven safe skillet on high heat. once hot spritz with olive oil and brown the chicken, in batches on all sides, about 5 minutes on each side, adjusting the heat as needed., set aside and repeat with the remaining chicken. set aside., reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the butter. when the butter starts to foam, add the leeks and cook, stirring until soft, about 6 to 8 minutes. add the mushrooms, 14 teaspoon salt, stir and cook covered 5 minutes, stirring until they release their juices., sprinkle the flour over them, stir in the chicken broth and the sherry and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes., return the chicken to the dutch oven, spooning the mushroomsherry sauce over them and cook in the oven, covered, for 40 to 50 minutes, until cooked through and tender.for dressing, in a small bowl, combine vinaigrette ingredients., whisk to combine and set aside., for chicken, preheat outdoor grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat., place chicken between a piece of plastic wrap or parchment and pound to an even thickness., season with 14 teaspoon salt and pepper, to taste., grill for 56 minutes, turn and grill for an additional 56 minutes more, or until chicken is cooked through., allow chicken to rest for 5 minutes, then slice thin., for salad, in a large bowl, combine salad ingredients from kale to scallions., top each with dressing, toss to evenly combine., divide salad evenly on 2 plates or bowls, top each with chicken and peanuts and serve.bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. add butternut squash and cook until soft., remove squash with a slotted spoon and place in a blender, blend until smooth., add pasta to the boiling water and cook according to package directions for al dente, reserving at least 1 cup of the pasta water before draining., meanwhile, in a large deep nonstick skillet, saute sausage over medium heat until browned, breaking up with a spoon as it cooks. when cooked through, set aside on a plate., reduce heat to mediumlow and melt the butter, saute the shallots and garlic until soft and golden, about 5  6 minutes., add pureed butternut squash, season with with salt and fresh cracked pepper and add a little of the reserved pasta water i used about 1 cup to thin out the sauce to your liking., add baby spinach and stir in parmesan cheese and sage. toss in cooked pasta and sausage and mix until well coated., serve with additional parmesan cheese on the side if desired.wash leeks very carefully to remove all grit. i usually cut them horizontally and separate the rings to make sure no dirt remains. coarsely chop them when washed., in a medium soup pot, melt butter and add flour on low flame., using a wooden spoon, mix well. this will thicken your soup and give it a wonderful flavor., add chicken stock, leeks, onion, potatoes and bring to a boil., cover and simmer on low for about 2025 minutes, until potatoes are soft., using an immersion blender, blend the soup until smooth adding the milk and adjusting salt and pepper to taste., serve immediately.divide the tomatoes between 4 plates or bowls., shred the chicken breast into large pieces and arrange over tomatoes with the avocado., drizzle with olive oil, squeeze with lemon juice and season with salt and fresh pepper, to taste., top with fresh basil.preheat the oven to 400f. spread 14 cup of the enchilada sauce on the bottom of a 13 x 9inch baking dish., cut the zucchini lengthwise, into 14inch thick slices until you have a total of 12 slices about the same size. its easiest to do this with a mandolin., season both sides of the zucchini with 12 tsp salt and pepper, then grill on a grill pan over high heat to help dry out the zucchini, until pliable and grill marks form, but not fully cooked, about 2 minutes on each side., heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. saute onions and garlic on low until soft, about 2 minutes. add chicken, salt, cilantro, cumin, oregano, chili powder, 14 cup of the enchilada sauce, and cook 4 to 5 minutes. remove from heat., spread 3 tablespoons chicken on each slice zucchini. roll up slices and arrange them each seam side down in the prepared dish., top with the remaining enchilada sauce and mexican cheese blend and tightly cover with foil., bake 20 minutes, or until the cheese is hot and melted., drizzle with sour cream, if desired and garnish with cilantro.cook pasta and broccoli together in a large pot of salted water, according to package directions for al dente or slightly under cook 2 minutes. spray a baking dish with cooking spray., preheat oven to 375f., in a large, heavy skillet, melt butter. add onion and cook over low heat about 2 minutes, add flour and cook another minute, or until the flour is golden and well combined. add milk and chicken broth and whisk, raising heat to mediumhigh until it comes to a boil cook about 5 minutes or until the sauce becomes smooth and thick. season with salt and pepper., once the sauce is thick, remove from heat, add cheese and mix well until cheese is melted. adjust salt and pepper to taste, add cooked macaroni and broccoli and mix well. pour into prepared baking dish. top with grated cheese and breadcrumbs. spray a little more cooking spray on top., bake for 1520 minutes, then broil for a few minutes to get the breadcrumbs golden.wash and dry chicken cutlets, season with salt and pepper. preheat oven to 450f., lightly spray a baking dish with nonstick spray., combine cream cheese, cheddar, scallions, jalapeno and bacon crumbles in a medium bowl., lay chicken cutlets on a working surface and spread 2 tbsp of cream cheese mixture on each cutlet., loosely roll each one, secure the ends with toothpicks to prevent the cheese from oozing out., place breadcrumbs in a bowl in a second bowl combine olive oil, lime juice, salt and pepper., dip chicken in limeoil mixture, then in breadcrumbs and place seam side down on a baking dish. repeat with the remaining chicken., when finished, lightly spray the top of the chicken with oil spray., bake 2225 minutes, serve immediately., follow steps 1 to 8, then air fry in batches 400f for 12 minutes, turning halfway.cut the chicken thighs into 1inch pieces., in a medium bowl, combine olive oil and lemon juice. whisk until combined., add the garlic, cumin, paprika, turmeric, curry powder, cinnamon, red pepper, salt and black pepper and whisk again. pour the marinade over the chicken making sure it evenly coat careful it will stain your fingers. refrigerate and marinate for at least 30 minutes, up to overnight., preheat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan to mediumlow heat., thread the chicken pieces among 4 wooden or metal skewers, discarding the marinade in the bowl., grill the chicken, turning the skewers occasionally, until golden brown and cooked through in the center, about 15 to 18 minutes.to make the salad, for the salad in a medium bowl, whisk together the oil and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. add the cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, and red onion and toss to combine., divide the lettuce between 4 bowls, top with tomato salad, feta and grilled chicken. serve with tzaziki for dipping.in a large pot of salted boiling water, cook pasta according to instructions., while pasta is cooking, in a large saute pan, heat pan on mediumhigh flame, add oil when pan is hot., add garlic and shallots to the pan and saute about 1 minute, until soft., add zucchini and season with salt and pepper. cook about 1 12 minutes, add tomatoes, crushed red pepper flakes, parsley, chicken broth and adjust salt and pepper. stir and cook for 1 more minute., remove from heat., drain pasta when done reserving some of the water and and toss the pasta well with zucchini and tomatoes. add pasta water if needed and serve with grated parmesan optional.to make the chicken, cut the chicken thighs into 1inch 2.5cm pieces., in a large bowl, whisk together the yogurt, oil, vinegar, garlic, oregano, turmeric, salt, and red pepper flakes., add the chicken and stir to coat. cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours., preheat an outdoor grill or grill pan to mediumlow heat., thread the chicken pieces among 4 wooden or metal skewers, discarding the marinade in the bowl., sprinkle with salt and pepper., grill the chicken, turning the skewers occasionally, until golden brown and cooked through in the center, about 15 minutes., to make the salad, in a medium bowl, whisk together the oil and vinegar and season with salt and pepper., add the cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, and red onion and toss to combine., to make the bowls, divide the quinoa among 4 bowls, 12 cup each., top with the cucumber salad, followed by a spoonful of tzatziki, 1 tablespoon crumbled feta, and 3 olives., top with 1 chicken skewer and serve immediately.in a mediumsize bowl, drizzle chicken with 1 teaspoon of the oil and season with 1 tablespoon of the mexican seasoning and salt., heat a large skillet over high heat. add remaining teaspoon oil to the skillet., add the chicken and toss to coat. cook 4 minutes, constantly stirring, until the chicken has browned and is cooked through. transfer the cooked chicken to a plate and tent with foil to keep warm., add bell pepper, corn, and garlic to the empty skillet. sprinkle with the mexican seasoning. continue cooking over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently, until the peppers soften slightly, about 5 to 8 minutes., add the zucchini, season with remaining salt and cook, stirring often until the zucchini softens slightly, about 4 minutes., return the chicken back to the skillet, add the lime juice and scrape all the browned bits off the bottom of the skillet, stirring and mixing the juices over the chicken and vegetables., remove from the heat. sprinkle cilantro and cotija if desired.whisk the soy sauce, mirin, honey and ginger and cornstarch in a small bowl set aside., lightly season the chicken with salt., heat a large nonstick wok over mediumhigh heat, when hot add 1 teaspoon of the oil, then add the asparagus and cook until tendercrisp, about 6 to 7 minutes., add the garlic and cook until golden, about 1 minute. set aside on a dish., increase the heat to high, then add 1 teaspoon of oil and half of the chicken and cook until browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes on each side., remove and set aside and repeat with the remaining oil and chicken., place everything back into the wok, pour the sauce over and cook stirring 30 to 60 seconds until the sauce thickens slightly.in a medium bowl, combine the chicken, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons cornstarch and egg white. toss to combine and set aside while you chop the vegetables., mince the garlic and ginger and chop the scallions. separate the scallion whites from the greens and set aside greens for garnish., heat a small sauce pot over medium heat. add 1 teaspoon of sesame oil, ginger, garlic and scallion whites. saute for 1 minute. add the chicken broth, remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce, sriracha, and hoisin and whisk to combine. add the remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch and whisk sauce until starting to thicken, about 2 minutes. once thickened, turn heat to low and keep warm while you make the chicken., heat a large wok or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. in two batches to prevent sticking, add 12 tablespoon of sesame oil then half of the chicken pieces. cook chicken for 34 minutes, or until browned on the edges. flip chicken and cook an additional 23 minutes, or until cooked through. set aside on a plate and add the remaining oil and chicken as directed., return the chicken back to the skillet or wok, add the sauce to the skillet and toss to coat. sprinkle with scallion greens and sesame seeds. serve immediately with extra sriracha, if desired.in a small saucepan, bring chicken broth to a simmer., add the couscous and cook gently until the broth is absorbed, approximately 3 minutes., remove from heat, fluff with a fork and transfer to large bowl., to the bowl, add the radishes, scallions, parsley, raisins, tomatoes, almonds, mint, lemon juice and olive oil and toss to coat., season with salt and pepper, gently toss again, taste and adjust the flavorings and seasonings as desired, and serve.instant pot, assuming your electric pressure cooker has a saute option, press the saute button and spray with oil, add the onions, celery, and garlic and saute, 4 to 5 minutes., add the chicken broth, carrots, 1 12 cups water, potatoes, ham bone and ham and cook high pressure 20 minutes., let the steam release naturally. add the cabbage and cook 5 minutes high pressure. natural or quick release., to cook on the stove top, follow the same directions as above in a large pot or dutch oven, cook covered low 1 hour adding the cabbage during the last 10 to 15 minutes. cook until the cabbage and vegetables are tender.stove top, in a large pot or dutch oven, brown ground meat on high heat and season with salt., drain fat if any, reduce heat to mediumlow, then add peppers, onions and garlic., cook about 5 minutes on low heat., add tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken broth, marjoram and season with salt and pepper to taste. cover and simmer on low heat for 30 minutes., serve about 1 12 cups of soup in each bowl and top with 12 cup cooked brown rice., instant pot, press saute button on instant pot, spray the pot with nonstick spray, add the ground meat and salt and cook until no longer pink, 5 to 8 minutes., drain fat if any, then add peppers, onions and garlic and cook 4 to 5 minutes., add tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken broth, marjoram and season with salt and pepper to taste. cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes. natural release., serve about 1 12 cups of soup in each bowl and top with 12 cup cooked brown rice., note since there is no evaporation in the pressure cooker, you can reduce the broth by 12 cup.soak the beans overnight in water. discard the water the next day., set pressure cooker to saute, add the oil and chopped onion and cook until soft. add the garlic, 14 cup cilantro and cook 1 minute. set aside in a bowl., in the pressure cooker combine the soaked beans, green chilies, jalapeno, half onion, bouillon, bay leaves and 6 cups water. cover and cook high pressure 45 minutes., natural release. discard bay leaves, half onion and jalapeno and stir in the reserved sauteed onion and season with salt., press saute and cook uncovered until thickened, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally., meanwhile, combine the tomato, red onion, scallion and cilantro in a small bowl., ladle beans into serving bowls, add the cheese and top with tomato mixture and avocado. serve with lime wedges and tortillas if desired.combine corn and beans and put them in the slow cooker., season the chicken with adobo or salt, garlic powder and cumin then place in the slow cooker and top with salsa., cover and cook low for 6 hours., top with cheese, cover and cook until melted, about 5 minutes. garnish with cilantro., to serve, transfer the chicken and vegetables with a slotted spoon and serve over rice or cauliflower rice.if using, prepare skinny garlic mashed potatoes according to directions., in a large saute pan, heat the butter and oil. add the mushrooms and 12 teaspoon salt, cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally., add the onion, carrots, parsley, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper and saute 10 minutes., stir in garlic, cook for 30 seconds, then add the tomato paste, worcestershire, remaining 14 teaspoon salt and pepper., sprinkle vegetables with the flour, stir to coat and cook, scraping brown bits from the pan, 34 minutes., add the broth, peas and corn, cook, stirring often, until sauce has thickened about 5 minutes., to assemble preheat broiler to high., transfer vegetables to an 8 x 11 casserole dish., spread mashed potatoes in an even layer over the vegetables, top with parmesan and broil 5 minutes, or until top is golden., garnish with parsley.on a parchmentlined baking tray, toast the coconut flour in a 300f oven for 5 to 7 minutes or until the flour turns golden brown. you can also toast the coconut flour in a dry pan over low heat instead. set aside., in the meantime, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the sliced shallot and saute for 2 to 3 minutes or until softened., add the ground chicken, and break it up with a spatula. cook, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes until no longer pink., add the shrimp and stirfry for another 2 to 3 minutes or until the shrimp is cooked through., remove the pan from the heat and add the fish sauce, lime juice, toasted coconut flour, and cayenne pepper. adjust the seasoning to taste., sprinkle the chopped herbs on top. to eat, wrap a 13 cup of laap in a lettuce leaf and devour.combine artichoke hearts along with liquid and chicken and let it marinade about 20 minutes., after its marinated, drain all liquid., add garlic, oregano, salt and pepper., broil on low about 6 inches from the flame for about 10 minutes or until golden brown, turn chicken and cook an additional 810 minutes and chicken is fully cooked., top chicken with feta and broil an additional minute., remove from oven and top with fresh parsley. squeeze with lemon juice, if desiredseason chicken with 1 teaspoon salt., press saute button and melt the butter, add onion, garlic, ginger and 6 spices from coriander to cardamom and saute until the vegetables are soft and the spices are fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes., add the tomatoes and use an immersion to blend until smooth or blend in the blender, add the chicken, remaining 12 teaspoon salt and stir, cook high pressure 15 minutes., quick release, add the cauliflower and peas and cook 2 minutes on high pressure., quick release, stir in coconut milk and serve garnished with cilantro.marinate chicken with pesto, garlic, red pepper flakes, lime juice and 12 teaspoon salt at least 1 hour, or overnight for best results., mix oil, balsamic vinegar, honey and 14 tsp salt in a small bowl., heat a grill over mediumhigh, be sure grates are clean and well oiled to prevent sticking., put veggies on 1 large grill tray or 2 smaller trays or cook in batches, spray with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and cook, turning constantly until the edges are browned, about 6 to 8 minutes. set aside on a dish., cook the chicken about 4 to 5 minutes on each side, until grill marks appear and the chicken is cooked though, transfer to a platter, too with the veggies and pour the balsamic dressing over everything.bring a large pot of salted water to a boil., meanwhile heat a large nonstick skillet and brown the sausage over mediumhigh, breaking it up as it cooks with a wooden spoon until browned, 5 to 7 minutes remove from heat., when the water boils, add the pasta and bring back to a boil, when the water is boiling, add broccoli and cook according to pasta instructions for al dente., when pasta is almost done cooking, reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water and set aside. drain pasta and broccoli., return the pot to the stove and set heat to high add 1 tbsp olive oil, when hot, add garlic. cook until golden, about 1 minute, reduce flame to low and add pasta back to the pot with the sausage., mix well, add remaining olive oil, grated cheese, salt and pepper to taste mixing well and smashing any large pieces of broccoli to break up., add 12 cup of reserved pasta water and mix well adding more if needed., serve in pasta bowls with additional grated cheese on the side, if desired.place the chicken breasts, 1 at a time, in a ziploc bag. pound the chicken breast to an even thickness, being careful not to puncture the bag. put breasts in the bag., in a medium bowl, combine the soy sauce, apple sauce, onion, ginger, garlic, oil, bourbon, bbq sauce, vinegar, brown sugar and red pepper flakes. reserve and refrigerate 13 cup of the marinade and transfer the remainder to the ziploc bag with the chicken. refrigerate and marinate for at least 30 minutes or as long as overnight the longer the better i marinated mine 12 hours., preheat outdoor grill over medium high heat. discard the marinade in the bag and grill the chicken for 4 minutes per side, or until chicken is cooked through. transfer chicken to a plate, tent with foil and allow to rest while you make the sauce., put reserved 13 cup marinade in a small sauce pan. add chicken broth and bring to a boil over medium high heat. once boiling, reduced heat to mediumlow until sauce has thickened slightly, 5 to 6 minutes., slice chicken breast, top with sauce, scallions and serve.in a medium bowl, whisk olive oil and balsamic., add tomatoes, basil and onions season with salt and pepper. and toss., set aside at least 10 minutes so the juices combine., preheat oven to 450., place a large baking pan in the oven to get hot., combine breadcrumbs and grated cheese in one bowl., in another bowl combine olive oil, lemon juice, and pepper., lightly pound chicken breasts into cutlets, you should have 6., wash and dry cutlets well with paper towels season with salt and pepper., dip cutlets into lemonoil mixture, then into breadcrumbs, pressing firmly to adhere., remove the baking pan from the oven and spray with cooking spray., place the chicken on the baking sheets and spray with olive oil spray on top., bake chicken, turning once halfway through for about 15 minutes total, or until chicken is golden brown., remove from the oven and top with arugula and tomato salad on top.to poach chicken breast cover chicken breast in broth in a small pot, add water if it doesnt cover the chicken., add salt and pepper, a piece of celery and its leaves you could add herbs like parsley, garlic, onion, or whatever you want and bring to a boil., reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes., remove from heat, cover tight and let it sit for 1520 minutes or until thickest part of the breast registers 160 degrees. chicken will be cooked through., drain, let it cool and cut into small cubes., combine mayo, yogurt, salt, pepper and mix well., add chicken, grapes, apples, celery, and let it chill in the refrigerator until you are ready to eat it., mix in pecans right before serving., serve over baby greens.heat a skillet over medium heat, melt butter. add onion, celery, and parsley cooking until onions are translucent. add minced garlic, cooking for an additional minute., combine the broth and cornstarch together and mix well., add the turkey, frozen peas and carrots, 34 teaspoon salt, pepper, thyme and broth, stir and cook medium heat, bring to a boil then cook until thickened and heated through, 23 minutes., place a disc on your work surface. take 2 tablespoon of the turkey mixture and place in the middle of each disc. using a pastry brush, place the egg wash on the outer edges of the disc. fold the disc over and gently press the edges to create a seal. use a fork and press around the edges to seal., brush the egg wash over one side of each of the empanadas., spray the baking sheet with oil, bake 350f 26 to 30 minutes, until golden., spray the basket with oil to prevent sticking, transfer to the basket, in batches and cook at 380f for 8 minutes, turning half way. eat hot.heat oven to 425f., season chicken inside and out with salt, pepper, and herbs de provence., squeeze half of the lemon on the outside of the chicken and stuff the remains of the lemon along with onion, garlic, rosemary sprigs inside the chicken. transfer to a sheet pan, and tie the chicken by taking kitchen twine and plumping up the breast, then coming around with the string to lasso the legs and tie them together. dont forget to tuck the wing tips under themselves so they dont burn., roast the chicken with the feet towards the back of the oven, until the juices run clear, and internal temperature is 160f, about 5060 minutes insert thermometer between the thickest part of the leg and the thigh., let the bird rest for 10 minutes, tenting with foil before carving., serve chicken, either one breast, or one thighdrumstick, skin is optional.preheat oven to 425f., in a large bowl combine the sausage, brussels sprouts, butternut, thyme, olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt and pepper., make foil packets. tear off 2 18 sheets of reynolds wrap heavyduty or nonstick aluminum foil., divide the sausage and vegetables, about 2 cups each between 4 foil packets., bring up the long sides of the foil, so the ends meet over the food., double fold the ends, leaving room for heat to circulate inside. double fold the two short ends to seal the packet tight, so no steam escapes., bake 25 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender.cut the bread into 12inch cubes. spread the bread out on a baking sheet and let it dry overnight  or  place the baking sheet in a 350f oven and bake about 20 minutes, or until the bread is dried out. set aside., preheat oven to 375f. spray a large baking dish with oil., in a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. add the onion and celery and saute, stirring occasionally, until tender and translucent, about 8 minutes. transfer to a large bowl., in the same pan over medium heat, cook the sausage, crumbling with a wooden spoon, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes. transfer the sausage to the bowl with the onioncelery mixture., add the bread, sage and thyme to the bowl with the sausageonion mixture and stir to combine. add the chicken broth and stir to evenly coat the bread. adjust salt and pepper to taste and stir to mix well., transfer to the baking dish and bake for 30 minutes. using a wooden spoon, gently stir. continue baking until golden, about 30 to 35 minutes more. serve immediately.instant pot, press the saute button on an electric pressure cooker. add the turkey and brown the meat, using a wooden spoon to break it into small pieces as it cooks, 4 to 5 minutes. drain the meat and transfer it to a small bowl., in the pressure cooker still on saute, melt the butter. add the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic. cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. add the flour, salt, and pepper to taste and cook, stirring, for 1 minute to cook the flour. return the turkey to the pressure cooker and add the chicken broth, potatoes, and cauliflower and stir., seal and cook on high pressure for 10 minutes, until the potatoes are soft. quick release, then open when the pressure subsides., transfer the cauliflower and 1 cup of the liquid to a blender and blend until smooth. pour the puree into the soup and stir well. add the cheddar and stir until melted. serve topped with the scallions., stove method, to make this in a large pot or dutch oven, saute over mediumhigh heat in steps 1 and 2. for step 3, bring to a boil, then cook, covered, over low heat until the potatoes and cauliflower are tender, 25 to 30 minutes. transfer 1 cup of the liquid and the whole cauliflower to the blender, and blend until smooth. stir the puree into the soup, add the cheddar, and serve topped with the scallions.liberally coat a large pot or dutch oven with oil spray and warm over mediumhigh heat., add the onion and bell pepper and saute, stirring occasionally, for about 7 minutes, or until the onion softens., add the garlic, stir everything together, and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds., add the ground turkey or chicken. use a spatula or large spoon to break up the meat as it cooks. continue to cook about 6 to 7 minutes, until fully cooked., add the beans, diced tomatoes, tomato paste, pumpkin puree, broth, chili powder, cocoa powder, cinnamon or pumpkin pie spice, cumin, black pepper, and optional cayenne pepper, and stir., reduce heat and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally., right before serving, add the spinach and mix throughout., enjoy the chili with desired toppings, such as avocado, nonfat plain greek yogurt, cilantro, and salsa., press saute on the instant pot, then follow the steps 1 to 5, cook 15 min high pressure, natural release. add the spinach just before serving.in a medium sized stock pot, bring chicken broth, onions, carrots, garlic, and celery to a boil. cover and simmer 5 minutes., add broccoli, milk and pepper and cook, covered, 10 more minutes., add sour cream and puree soup with an immersion blender., adjust black pepper to taste and heat through over medium heat, stir in the cheddar cheese and serve.in a large dutch oven or pot, cook sausage over mediumlow heat until browned, about 10 minutes., remove from pot, let cool and cut into thin slices., add oil, onions and carrots cook on medium until soft, about 5 minutes. add garlic and cook 1 minute more., add broth, water, black pepper, sausage, potatoes, red pepper flakes and bring to a boil., cook, covered for about 10 to 15 minutes. add kale and cook partially covered until the potatoes are tender, about 56 minutes. adjust salt if needed.press saute and spray the insert with oil, add the onion and stir, cooking until soft and golden, about 4 to 5 minutes., press cancel to prevent getting a burn notice, then deglaze the pot with 14 cup water., add the chicken and season both sides with half of the taco seasoning., add the beans, corn, green chilies, then finish with the diced tomatoes and tomato sauce., add 12 cup water plus the remaining taco seasonings and gently stir without moving the chicken., cover and cook high pressure 25 minutes. natural release, then remove the chicken and shred with two forks. return the chicken to the pot and mix to combine., top with fresh cilantro and serve. makes about 11 cups.season the chicken with lemon juice, garlic, cumin, oil, salt and spices. set aside at least 15 minutes, or as long as overnight., combine the ingredients for the white yogurt sauce and refrigerate., when ready to cook, heat a large nonstick griddle or skillet over medium high heat. when hot, add the chicken and leave until the bottom is completely browned, about 5 minutes before flipping., cook on the other side for another 4 to 5 minutes, until browned., reduce the heat to low and let the chicken continue cooking, about 10 minutes, until just about cooked through in the thickest parts no worries if its not completely cooked., set aside on a cutting board and chop the chicken into thin strips and add back to the pan to brown and finish cooking, 8 to 10 minutes over medium heat., assemble the salad by dividing the lettuce, tomato and red onion., top with chicken and drizzle with yogurt sauce this is your dressing and harissa, if desired.season the chicken with salt and pepper., in a medium saucepan, combine vinegar, honey, 34 cup chicken broth and tomato paste. boil about 5 minutes, until it reduces down to about 34 cup. remove from heat., in a large skillet, melt butter over mediumlow heat and add chicken. cook on both sides, until brown, about 68 minutes. remove chicken and set aside. add the shallots and garlic to the skillet and cook on low until soft, about 5 minutes. pour the sauce over the chicken, add the wine, remaining broth salt and pepper. cover and simmer about 20 minutes until tender., remove the chicken, add sour cream and stir into the sauce if sauce dries up, add more broth. boil a few minutes then return chicken to skillet. top with fresh parsley.for the chicken, place chicken in the slow cooker and add enough water or chicken broth to cover. cook high 4 hours. remove and shred with two forks, discard the liquid., to make in the instant pot, add at least 1 cup broth or water, enough to cover the chicken. cook on high pressure 15 minutes, natural release. discard liquid and shred with two forks., meanwhile, combine the cream cheese and hot sauce together until smooth. add the chicken, blue cheese, carrots and scallions and mix well, makes 3 cups., one at a time, place egg roll wrapper on a clean surface, points facing top and bottom like a diamond., spoon 3 tablespoons of the buffalo dip mixture onto the bottom third of the wrapper., dip your finger in a small bowl of water and run it along the edges of the wrapper. lift the point nearest you and wrap it around the filling., fold the left and right corners in toward the center and continue to roll into a tight cylinder., set aside and repeat with remaining wrappers and filling., spray all sides of the egg rolls with oil using your fingers to evenly coat., oven method, preheat the oven to 400f. spray a sheet pan with oil., transfer the egg rolls to the baking sheet and cook until browned and crisp, about 16 to 18 minutes, turning halfway., serve immediately, with dipping sauce on the side, if desired., air fryer method, in batches, cook 370f for 8 to 9 minutes, turning halfway through until golden brown., serve immediately, with dipping sauce on the side, if desired.to make the shredded chicken, place chicken in the slow cooker and add enough water or chicken broth to cover. cook high 4 hours. remove and shred with two forks, discard the liquid., meanwhile, combine the cream cheese, sour cream, vinegar and hot sauce together until smooth. add half of the blue cheese., transfer to the slow cooker with the chicken, mixing well and return to the slow cooker, cook low 2 to 3 hours., transfer to a serving dish and top with the remaining blue cheese, garnish with scallions. serve hot., to bake this in the oven, you can use cooked shredded chicken breast from a rotisserie chicken, then mix all the ingredients and place them in a baking dish. bake 350f until hot, about 20 to 25 minutes., cook chicken covered in water or broth 15 min high pressure. once you shred and drain set the instant pot to the slow cooker mode, combine ingredients and proceed.stove directions, heat the oil in a large pot or dutch oven over medium heat, add the onions and carrots and saute until soft, about 5 to 6 minutes, stirring., add the chopped garlic, turmeric and cumin and continue cooking for 2  3 minutes more., stir in the lentils, add the broth and bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook covered on low for about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally until thickened. remove from heat., toss in parsley, spinach and stir in lemon juice and serve., instant pot directions, press saute and add the oil to the insert, add the onions and carrots and saute until soft, about 5 minutes, stirring., add the chopped garlic, turmeric and cumin and continue cooking for 2  3 minutes. press cancel., add the lentils and broth, cover and cook on high pressure 15 minutes. natural or quick release., toss in parsley, spinach and stir in lemon juice and serve.preheat the oven to 500f., heat the oil in a 10inch ovensafe preferably cast iron skillet over medium heat., add the onion, garlic, cumin, and salt and cook, stirring, until the onion has softened, about 5 minutes., transfer the onion mixture to a large bowl set aside the hot skillet., add the enchilada sauce, sour cream, and 14 cup water to the onion mixture and stir to combine., fold in the tortillas, chicken, and beans until thoroughly coated., spoon the mixture into the reserved skillet and cook over medium heat until warmed through, about 3 minutes. sprinkle the cheese all over the top and bake until the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 5 minutes., let cool slightly, then top the enchiladas with sour cream, jalapenos, and cilantro if desired and serve directly from the skillet at the table.preheat oven to 200f., season chicken with salt and pepper. lightly dredge in flour., heat a large skillet on medium heat when hot add 1 tsp butter and 1 tsp olive oil., add chicken to the skillet and cook on medium heat for about 5 minutes on each side, or until chicken is no longer pink., set aside in a warm oven., add additional oil and butter to the skillet, then garlic and cook a few seconds add mushrooms, salt and pepper stirring occasionally until golden, about 5 minutes., add wine, chicken broth, parsley stir the pan with a wooden spoon breaking up any brown bits from the bottom of the pan. cook a few more minutes or until the liquid reduces by half., top the chicken with the mushroom sauce and serve.combine onion, olive oil, balsamic, 14 tsp kosher salt and pepper. set aside a few minutes., chop tomatoes and place in a large bowl. combine with garlic, basil, onionbalsamic combo and additional 18 tsp salt and pepper to taste. set aside and let it sit at least 10 minutes or as long as overnight., toss in the cheese when ready to serve., season chicken with salt and fresh pepper., preheat the grill to mediumhigh, clean and oil the grates to prevent sticking., grill the chicken 2 minutes on each side, set aside on a platter and top with bruschetta and serve.heat a saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and garlic saute until golden, about 1 minute. add the chicken broth, tomato sauce, chipotle chiles, hot chili powder, cumin and salt and pepper, to taste. bring to a boil then reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered for 710 minutes. set aside until ready to use. makes 4 cups.preheat oven to 375 degrees., in a small bowl, combine the cumin, oregano, garlic powder, chili powder, salt and pepper. rub on both sides of each chicken piece., spray a small 8x6ish oval or rectangular baking dish with cooking spray and pour a thin layer of enchilada sauce on the bottom of the dish., lay chicken, cut side up on a work surface. top each piece, in the center, with about 2 teaspoons chilis and 1 12 tablespoons cheese., roll each one up and set them seam side down in the baking dish. top with remaining sauce, cheese and chilis., cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. remove foil and continue to bake 1015 minutes more, or until chicken is cooked through., top each chicken rollup with a few avocado pieces and cilantro and serve.preheat the oven to 425f., slice the leeks in half lengthwise. rinse them, fanning out the outer layers to wash away any grit. slice the cleaned leeks into thin halfmoons., remove the greens from the beets. rinse them and coarsely chop. halve the beets and cut each section into four wedges., in a large mixing bowl, toss the leeks, beets, and beet greens together with the garlic, 1 teaspoon of turmeric, ginger, salt, lemon juice, and olive oil until thoroughly combined. spoon the mixture into a 9 x 13inch baking dish or casserole pan and arrange in an even layer., add the chicken and the other teaspoon of turmeric to the mixing bowl and toss to coat in the remaining turmeric mixture. transfer the chicken legs to the baking dish and nestle in the beet mixture., drizzle any of the remaining marinade over the top of the chicken and pour the wine around the sides of the dish., roast, uncovered, until the chicken is forktender and the beets are soft, about 1 hour.place a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. when hot, add the sausage and cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon 6 to 8 minutes, until browned. transfer to a plate., add the oil to the skillet, brussels sprouts, shallots and garlic and cook on mediumhigh until golden on the edges, 45 minutes. set aside with the sausage., add the parsnip noodles to the skillet over medium heat with the broth and red pepper flakes and cook until the noodles are al dente, about 5 minutes., return the sausage and brussels to the skillet, add the cheese and stir to combine.wash chicken and dry with a paper towel. slice chicken breast horizontally to create 4 thinner cutlets. season lightly with salt and fresh pepper., preheat the oven to 400 f. line baking sheet with foil or parchment if desired for easy cleanup., place the chicken on prepared baking sheet. spread about 1 teaspoon of pesto over each piece of chicken., bake for 15 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in center. remove from oven top with tomatoes, mozzarella and parmesan cheese. bake for an additional 3 to 5 minutes or until cheese is melted., to grill grill chicken over medium flame on both sides until cooked through in the center. lower flame, top chicken with pesto, tomatoes and cheese, and close grill until cheese melts.preheat the air fryer 360f for 3 minutes., combine breadcrumbs and parmesan cheese in a bowl. melt the butter in another bowl., lightly brush the butter onto the chicken, then dip into breadcrumb mixture., when the air fryer is ready, place 2 pieces in the basket and spray the top with oil., cook 6 minutes, turn and top each with 1 tbsp sauce and 1 12 tbsp of shredded mozzarella cheese., cook 3 more minutes or until cheese is melted., set aside and keep warm, repeat with the remaining 2 pieces.using a small spoon or melon baller, hollow out the center of the zucchini halves, leaving 14inch thick shell on each half., chop the scooped out flesh of the zucchini in small pieces and set aside 23 of a cup to use in the meat filling, saving the rest to use in another recipe., drop the zucchini in boiling water for 1 minute, remove and drain., heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the ground beef with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon cumin until browned and cooked through, breaking up into smaller pieces with a wooden spoon as it cooks, about 34 minutes. transfer the cooked meat to a bowl., add the oil to the skillet and cook the onions and garlic over medium heat until golden, about 3 minutes., add the tomatoes, a pinch of salt and simmer about 4 to 5 minutes, until it creates a sauce., to the skillet, add 23 cup of the reserved chopped zucchini and season with salt and pepper, to taste. cook until soft, about 4 minutes., return the cooked meat to the skillet and simmer covered for about 8 minutes until tender. add the chopped hard boiled eggs and cook 2 to 3 minutes, adjusting salt and pepper to taste as needed., on a clean working surface, fill the hollowed out zucchinis with the meat filling, dividing equally between each one., place the broth in large deep 6quart saucepan with a fitted lid. heat over medium heat and add the stuffed zucchini halves into the saucepan, cover and reduce heat to low, cook for about 10 minutes, or until the zucchini is soft and cooked through.shake marinade well. season chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and 2 tablespoons of the veggie herb marinade at least 1 hour, or as long as overnight., marinate the veggies with the remaining marinade., heat a grill over mediumhigh, be sure grates are clean and well oiled to prevent sticking., put veggies on 1 large grill tray or 2 smaller trays or cook in batches, season with 34 teaspoon salt and black pepper and cook, turning constantly until the edges are browned, about 8 minutes. set aside on a platter., cook the chicken about 4 to 5 minutes on each side, until grill marks appear and the chicken is cooked though, transfer to a platter with the veggies and serve.oven method, place chicken in a shallow bowl and cover with pickle juice enough to cover completely. marinate in the refrigerator 8 hours., after 8 hours, drain and dry the chicken completely on paper towels discard marinade., preheat oven to 425f. spray a baking sheet with oil., spread 1 teaspoon of mustard over each piece of chicken. layer the ham on top, then the swiss cheese and pickles along the center and roll., place egg in a medium bowl. in a shallow bowl, combine the bread crumbs and panko. dip chicken in the egg wash, then into the breadcrumb mixture and shake off excess., transfer to the prepared baking sheet and spray the top generously with oil. bake 25 minutes, until golden outside and cooked through., air fryer method, follow steps 15., preheat the air fryer to 400f. transfer to the air fryer basket in two batches until golden outside and cooked through in the center, about 12 minutes, turning half way.in a medium bowl combine the salt, cumin black pepper, chipotle, and salsa., place the chicken in the pressure cooker and pour the salsa over chicken. cook on high pressure 20 minutes. quick or natural release, add the corn and cook high pressure 2 minutes., meanwhile, add the quinoa, water and salt to a saucepan and cook over high heat, bring it to a boil. once boiling, reduce the heat to low and cover the pot. cook for about 18 to 22 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. fluff with a fork and remove from heat. stir in the lime juice, olive oil, and 14 cup cilantro., when chicken is cooked, remove corn and set aside on a dish., remove the chicken and place in a bowl, shred and add 12 cup of the sauce. using a knife cut the corn off the husk., place 23 cup quinoa in each bowl, with 12 cup shredded chicken topped with more sauce, 13 cup corn, 14 cup tomatoes and 1 ounce avocado., top with remaining cilantro and serve with lime wedges.in a medium bowl combine turkey, breadcrumbs, pecorino, egg, garlic, parsley and salt and gently mix to combine., form into 30 meatballs, about 1 heaping tablespoon each., press saute in the instant pot and spray with oil., brown the meatballs in 2 to 3 batches, spraying each time. set aside on a dish and clean the pot., heat the oil and add the onion, celery, carrots and garlic, cook until soft, about 4 minutes., add the tomatoes, parmesan rind, basil, bay leaves and stir, return the meatballs to the pot., add the chicken broth, cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes., quick release and open the lid, add the pasta and zucchini and cook 4 minute more, quick release so the pasta doesnt overcook., serve with grated cheese if desired and basil.in a medium saucepan, make a roux by melting the butter on low heat., add the flour and stir about 2 minutes., add the chicken broth, onions and cauliflower and set heat to medium., bring to a boil, then cover and simmer over mediumlow heat until vegetables are tender about 20 minutes., puree with an immersion blender until smooth. season with salt and pepper.heat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the sausage and cook, breaking the meat up with spoon as it cooks as small as you can, about 4 to 5 minutes., add the cauliflower, salt and marinara and cook 6 minutes on medium heat, stirring until the cauliflower is tender and heated through., remove from heat and add the mozzarella cheese to the skillet and stir well to mix. let it cool 3 to 4 minutes, until its easy to handle., spray a 14 cup measuring cup with cooking spray and fill with cauliflower mixture, leveling the top. use a small spoon to scoop out into your palm and roll into a ball. set aside on a dish., repeat with the remaining cauliflower, you should have 6 balls., place the egg in one bowl and the breadcrumbs in another., add the parmesan to the crumbs and mix., dip the ball in the egg, then in the crumbs and transfer to a baking sheet. spray the top with cooking spray., if baking in the oven, bake 425f 25 minutes, until golden. if making in the air fryer, bake 400f for 9 minutes turning halfway until golden., serve with marinara sauce, for dipping.slow cooker directions, season the chicken with the cumin, garlic powder, pinch of salt, and pepper., place chicken in a slow cooker, pour the harissa over the chicken, and cover. cook on high for 2 hours or low 4 hours., remove chicken from the slow cooker and shred with two forks., pressure cooker directions, season the chicken with the cumin, garlic powder, pinch of salt, and pepper., place chicken in the pressure cooker, pour the harissa over the chicken and cook high pressure 20 minutes. quick or natural release then shred with two forks. if using frozen chicken breasts, cook 25 minutes.dutch oven, lightly season the chicken with salt and fresh pepper. place a dutch oven or large heavy pot on mediumhigh heat. add 1 tbsp oil, when hot add the chicken and sear until browned on all sides, about 67 minutes on each side. transfer chicken to a dish and set aside., saute garlic and onions and red pepper flakes if using in remaining oil saute until golden, about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. add celery and carrots and saute on mediumlow for about 23 minutes, until soft. add the wine and chicken broth, scraping any caramelized bits from the bottom with a wooden spoon., add tomatoes, marjoram, reduce heat to low, adjust salt and pepper to taste and simmer for 30 minutes., add the chicken and rosemary to the sauce, partially cover and cook slowly on low heat for another 25  30 minutes, stirring occasionally, adding water if needed., slow cooker, start with the same directions step 1 and 2 on the stove, reducing the chicken broth to 1 cup. transfer to the slow cooker with the remaining ingredients and cook on low for 8 hours., instant pot, lightly season the chicken with salt and fresh pepper. press saute on the instant pot and add 12 tbsp oil, brown half of the chicken and sear until browned on all sides, about 67 minutes on each side. transfer chicken to a dish and set aside, repeat with the remaining 12 tbsp oil and chicken. set aside., add remaining teaspoon oil, add garlic, onions red pepper flakes if using celery and carrots and saute on mediumlow for about 3 to 4 minutes, until soft. add the wine and 1 cup chicken broth, scraping any caramelized bits from the bottom with a wooden spoon., add tomatoes, marjoram, adjust salt and pepper to taste and mix, return the chicken to the pot, add the rosemary to the sauce, cover and cook high pressure 30 minutes, natural release.preheat the oven to 375f., cut the squash in half lengthwise remove and discard seeds. place squash on a baking sheet cut side down. bake until tender, about 1 hour., separate the strands of squash with a fork and place in a medium bowl discard shells. squeeze out any excess liquid from the squash if watery., maintain the oven temperature., heat butter and oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. add onions and cook about 2 minutes., stir in flour. reduce heat to low and cook, stirring continually 3  4 minutes., add milk and chicken broth and continue whisking, raising heat to mediumhigh until it comes to a boil and becomes smooth and thick, about 2 minutes stirring season with salt and pepper., once it becomes thick, remove from heat, add cheddar cheese and mix well until cheese is melted., adjust salt and pepper to taste, add cooked spaghetti squash and baby spinach, pour into a baking dish and sprinkle parmesan cheese on top., bake until bubbly and golden 25 to 30 minutes.preheat air fryer to 400f for 8 minutes., put the olive oil in one bowl and the breadcrumbs, panko and parmesan cheese in another., season chicken with salt and pepper, then put in the bowl with the olive oil and mix well so the olive oil evenly coats all of the chicken., put a few chunks of chicken at a time into the breadcrumb mixture to coat, then on the basket., lightly spray the top with olive oil spray then air fry 8 minutes, turning halfway. until golden.in a medium bowl, combine the cajun seasoning, salt, and pepper. add the shrimp and toss to coat., place 4 large 10 x 18inch pieces of heavyduty aluminum foil on a flat surface., divide the sausage, zucchini, bell peppers, and corn among the foil pieces, placing the vegetables in the center of each. top each with shrimp about 6, sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon of the parsley and 1 tablespoon of the basil., drizzle each with 1 tablespoon of the wine and about 12 tablespoon of the oil. fold each piece of the foil to form a packet, sealing tightly and leaving a little room inside for air to circulate in the packet. the packets may be refrigerated or frozen at this stage., to cook, preheat the oven to 425f. arrange the packets on a baking sheet and cook until the shrimp is cooked through and the vegetables are crisptender, 13 minutes. open the packets slowly, being careful of the hot steam. transfer the shrimp, vegetables, and sauce that has accumulated to individual bowls or rimmed plates., place uncooked packets into sealable plastic bags, keeping them level and upright. two packets fit well into a gallon sized bag. freeze for up to two 2 months. there is no need to thaw before cooking., remove the frozen packets from the bags and place them on a baking tray in a cold oven set to 425f., once oven comes to temperature, continue to cook for 3540 minutes.wash and dry cutlets, season with salt and pepper., preheat oven to 450. lightly spray a baking dish with nonstick spray., combine breadcrumbs and 2 tbsp grated cheese in one bowl and 14 cup egg beaters or egg whites in another., shred or finely chop 1.5 oz of mozzarella cheese and combine with remaining grated cheese, spinach make sure you squeeze it dry, 2 tbsp egg beaters, and ricotta cheese., lay chicken cutlets down on a working surface and spread 2 tbsp of spinachcheese mixture on each cutlet. loosely roll each one and keep seam side down., dip chicken in egg mixture, then in breadcrumbs and place seam side down in a baking dish no toothpicks needed., repeat with the remaining chicken. when finished, lightly spray with olive oil. bake 25 minutes., remove from oven, top with sauce then cheese., bake until cheese is melted and bubbling, about 3 more minutes., serve with additional sauce on the side and grated cheese.place all of ingredients in the slow cooker., cover and cook on low for 68 hours or high for 34 hours., shred the chicken and add it back to the slow cooker. evenly distribute the creole among 6 bowls and top each with green onions. serve alone or over brown rice.put potatoes and garlic in a large pot with salt and enough water to cover. bring to a boil., cover and reduce heat. simmer for 20 minutes or until potatoes are tender., drain and return potatoes and garlic to pan. add sour cream and remaining ingredients. using a masher, mash until smooth., season with salt and pepper to taste.in a large skillet melt the butter over moderately low heat., season the pork with salt and pepper., raise heat to medium and add the chops to the pan and saute for 7 minutes. turn and cook until chops are browned and done to medium, about 78 minutes longer. remove the chops and put in a warm spot., add the onion to the pan and cook, stirring, until soft, about 3 minutes. add the stock and boil until it reduces to 12 cup, about 2 to 3 minutes., stir in the mustard, herbs, and 18 tsp pepper., put the chops on a platter and pour the sauce over the meat.preheat the oven to 400f., finely chop half of the cremini mushrooms and transfer to a medium bowl with the ground chicken, breadcrumbs, pecorino, egg, 1 clove of the minced garlic, parsley, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and black pepper, to taste., gently shape into 25 small meatballs, bake 15 to 18 minutes, until golden., in a small bowl whisk the flour with the marsala wine and broth., heat a large skillet on medium heat., add the butter, garlic and shallots and cook until soft and golden, about 2 minutes., add the mushrooms, season with 18 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes., return the meatballs to the pot, pour the marsala wine mixture over the meatballs, cover and cook 10 minutes., garnish with parsley.preheat the oven to 400. line 2 large baking sheets with aluminum foil, and coat with olive oil spray., toss cauliflower and brussels sprouts with olive oil, and season with salt. spread in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet., if you are roasting the pumpkin yourself, cut the top of the pumpkin as you would if you were carving a jackolantern. then cut it in quarters. scoop out the seeds if you wish to make roasted pumpkin seeds, rinse and lay them out on a baking sheet overnight to dry out. place the pumpkin on the prepared sheet pan and roast with the other veggies in the oven at 400f for 35 to 37 minutes, stirring the vegetables and rotating pans halfway through cooking time, until vegetables are soft and have begun to brown around the edges and the pumpkin is soft if pierced with a knife., remove the vegetables and pumpkin from the oven, and when cool enough to handle, remove the pumpkin from the skin. this will come off easily. discard the skin and place pumpkin in a food processor. puree until smooth, adding water by the tablespoon if needed about 3 tablespoons until smooth., while vegetables roast, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. cook pasta according to package directions, omitting fat and salt. drain, and set aside., over medium heat melt the butter. add the onion and cook over low heat about 2 minutes, add flour and cook another minute, or until the flour is golden and well combined. add milk and broth and whisk, raising heat to mediumhigh until it comes to a boil cook about 4 to 5 minutes until it thickens slightly. season with 34 teaspoon salt, nutmeg and pepper., once it begins to thicken, stir in pumpkin and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. remove from heat, add cheeses and parmesan and mix well until melted. add the cooked macaroni and mix well, fold in the roasted vegetables.season chicken with salt and pepper on both side., press saute on the instant pot, lightly spray with oil and brown chicken on both sides a few minutes. set aside., spray with a little more oil and add onions and peppers. saute until soften and golden, 5 minutes., pour tomatoes over the chicken and vegetables, add oregano, bay leaf, salt and pepper, give it a quick stir and cover., cook high pressure 25 minutes natural release., remove bay leaf, garnish with parsley and serve over pasta, squasta or whatever you wishin a small bowl whisk together the dressing ingredients., for the chicken season chicken with seasoned salt, then mix in crushed garlic., light the grill or indoor grill pan on medium heat, when hot spray the grates with oil and grill the chicken about 10 to 11 minutes on each side until charred on the outside and cooked through in the center. set aside on a cutting board and slice on an angle., in a large bowl toss the spinach with the dressing. divide between 4 plates and top with strawberries, goat cheese and, grilled chicken.for the peanut sauce combine 1 cup chicken broth, peanut butter, sriracha, honey, 2 tbsp soy sauce, ginger, and 3 cloves crushed garlic in a small saucepan and simmer over mediumlow heat stirring occasionally until sauce becomes smooth and well blended, about 510 minutes. set aside., boil water for the noodles cook pasta according to package instructions., season chicken with salt and pepper, sriracha, lime, garlic, ginger and soy sauce., heat a large skillet or wok until hot. add oil and saute chicken on high heat until cooked through, about 23 minutes remove from heat and set aside., add 2 cloves crushed garlic, scallions, carrots, broccoli slaw andor bean sprouts and salt, saute until tender crisp, about 12 minutes., drain noodles and toss with peanut sauce and additional chicken broth if needed to loosen the sauce. when chicken is cooked, toss with noodles., divide noodles and chicken between 6 bowls, top with sauteed vegetables, bean sprouts, chopped peanuts or you can toss everything together to hide the vegetables so your family members dont push them aside and garnish with cilantro and lime wedges.preheat the oven to 425f. grease a rimmed baking sheet with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil., arrange the chicken breasts in the center of the prepared baking sheet. arrange the broccoli around the chicken., drizzle the broccoli with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle everything with salt and garlic powder., bake until the chicken breasts are cooked through and a thermometer inserted in the thickest part registers 160f, 25 to 30 minutes., in a small bowl, combine the garlic, parmesan, and parsley., top each chicken breast with some of the mixture. broil until the cheese is melted and the broccoli is deeply browned, 3 minutes., remove the pan from the oven, tent with foil, and let rest for 5 minutes. serve warm.,  season chicken with 14 teaspoon kosher salt, garlic powder and black pepper, to taste., heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. when hot add 12 teaspoon oil and add half of the chicken., cook 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until no longer pink in the center and browned on the edges. set aside., repeat with remaining chicken., add the remaining 12 teaspoon of oil, onion and garlic and cook over medium heat about 2 minutes, until soft. add the riced vegetables frozen, 14 teaspoon salt and pepper and cook 5 to 6 minutes, until heated through., return the chicken to the skillet, top with the cheese and cover., cook low heat until the cheese is melted, about 2 to 3 minutes.preheat oven to 425f., heat a large oven safe or cast iron skillet over medium heat, melt butter. add onion, celery, carrots and parsley cooking until onions are translucent. add minced garlic, cooking for an additional minute. sprinkle the flour over the vegetables and stir. pour in the broth and stir mixing 1 minute., add the chicken, broccoli, 34 teaspoon salt, pepper, thyme and cook medium heat, bring to a boil then cook until the broccoli is tendercrisp, 2 to 3 minutes. top with green giant veggie tots and place in the preheated oven 16 minutes, until veggie tots are crisp and hot.season the chicken with salt., heat the oil in a medium nonstick pot over medium heat. add the onion, celery, carrot and garlic and saute until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. add the chicken, broth, bay leaves and 18 teaspoon black pepper and bring to a boil. cover and reduce to mediumlow until the chicken shreds easily, about 25 minutes., discard the bay leaves, coarsely shred the chicken with two forks and return to the soup, add the pasta and cook according to package directions, adding the baby spinach at the last minute to wilt.pressure cooker presoak rinse beans and add them to the instant pot with 8 cups of water and 2 teaspoons of kosher salt. close the lid and pressurecook in manual mode for 4 minutes. when cycle is finished, switch to keep warm mode for 10 minutes. drain and rinse beans., meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the cumin, chili powder, coriander, smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt and pepper., switch to pot to saute when hot, add the bacon and saute for 1 minute. add the onions and poblano and saute for 3 minutes. add the spices and the garlic and saute for 30 seconds more. pour in broth and drained beans and mix well., place lid on instant pot, make sure steam release handle is on sealing. push beanchili mode and cook for 15 minutes. allow pressure to release naturally then add tabasco and mix well., for a deeper flavor, allow beans to sit in keep warm mode for at least 30 minutes.preheat oven to 375., for the filling in a medium pan, heat olive oil on low. add onions, garlic and saute until soft, about 23 minutes. add green chiles, beans, water, bullion, and cumin. mix well and cover. simmer on low 15 minutes. remove cover, add chicken and cook an additional 5 minutes, or until it thickens and liquid boils down. set aside., green chile enchilada sauce in a large nonstick pan, melt the butter over medium heat. add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion softens and starts to turn translucent, about 34 minutes. add flour and stir well. cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. slowly whisk in the chicken broth. whisk until the sauce becomes smooth. cook over medium heat until the sauce boils and thickens, about 45 minutes. add green chiles, jalepenos, and salt to tatse. cook another minute then remove from the heat. stir in the sour cream., spread about 14 cup of the enchilada sauce on the bottom of a 913 baking dish. fill each tortilla with 13 cup of the chickenwhite bean filling. roll the tortillas and place seam side down in the prepared baking dish. continue filling remainder of the tortillas., pour the enchilada sauce over the top of the enchiladas. top with cheese. cover with aluminum and bake 2030 minutes, until the enchiladas are hot and the cheese is melted. remove from oven and top with fresh cilantro or scallions.heat the oven to 425f., in a large bowl, whisk together the fish sauce, soy sauce, honey, sesame oil, tamarind, chile flakes, lime zest, and garlic., pat the chicken dry with paper towels. add the chicken to the sauce in the bowl, and turn to coat the pieces well. arrange the chicken on a rimmed baking sheet, and pour the sauce over it. if you like, you can refrigerate the chicken at this point, covered, for up to 24 hours. roast, turning the chicken occasionally, until it is cooked through and caramelized, 30 to 35 minutes. after roasting, if you wish to brown run them under the broiler 1 or 2 minutes., top the chicken with plenty of black pepper, cilantro and jalapeno slices if desired. serve over lettuce leaves.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f. line a large sheet pan with parchment, if desired., season chicken with 1 tablespoon balsamic, 12 tablespoon olive oil, garlic, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried parsley and 34 teaspoon salt., marinate while you prep the vegetables, the longer the better., in a large bowl toss the vegetables with 2 tablespoon balsamic, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, black pepper, 2 teaspoon basil and 1 teaspoon parsley., spread out onto the sheet pan.nestle the chicken in with the vegetables and roast until tender in the lower rack of the oven, about 20 minutes until the chicken is cooked through., serve right away.marinate chicken in vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, jalapeno and pepper, for at least an hour overnight is ideal., put chicken, 12 cup water, bay leaves and marinade into a deep nonstick skillet and cook on mediumlow heat. cover and cook until the meat is tender, about 45 minutes., remove the cover and cook an additional 15 minutes, until the sauce reduces., discard bay leaves and serve over rice if you wish.preheat oven to 400f with the rack in the center position., heat the oil in a 10 inch cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. season chicken with salt and pepper then sprinkle with flour. when oil is hot, sear chicken about 3 minutes on each side., add garlic, wine, lemon zest, lemon juice, thyme and olives. top with lemon slices if desired, transfer the pan to the oven and bake about 10 minutes, until 165f in the center., serve hot topped with parsley.crock pot version, heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, about 6 to 8 minutes. transfer to the crock pot along with the broth, tomatoes, chickpeas, parmesan cheese, and pepper. add the rosemary, bay leaves and basil, cover and cook on low for 6 hours., when done add the spinach. remove bay leaves, rosemary sprig and season to taste with salt and black pepper. ladle soup into bowls and top with extra parmesan cheese if desired., stove top version, heat oil in a large pot or dutch oven over medium heat. add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, about 6 to 8 minutes. add the broth, tomatoes, chickpeas, parmesan cheese, and pepper. add the rosemary, basil and bay leaves, cover and cook on low 30 minutes. add the spinach, cover and simmer until wilted, about 2 minutes., remove the bay leaves, rosemary sprig, and season to taste with salt and black pepper. ladle soup into bowls and top with extra parmesan cheese if desired., instant pot version, follow same recipe as above except cook 15 minutes high pressure, natural release.in a medium saucepan, spray oil and saute garlic. add chipotle chiles, chili powder, cumin, chicken broth, tomato sauce, salt and pepper. bring to a boil. reduce the heat to low and simmer for 510 minutes. set aside until ready to use., preheat oven to 400 degrees., heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. saute onions and garlic on low until soft, about 2 minutes. add chicken, salt, cilantro, cumin, oregano, chili powder, tomato sauce, chicken broth, and cook 4 to 5 minutes. remove from heat., spray a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray. put 13 cup chicken mixture into each tortilla and roll it., place on baking dish seam side down, top with sauce. then top with cheese., cover with aluminum foil and bake in the oven on the middle rack for 2025 minutes. top with low fat sour cream or scallions if you wish. extra points makes 8 enchiladas.in a 4 to 6quart slow cooker, combine the chicken, carrots, onion, prunes, olives, garlic, flour, paprika, cumin, cinnamon, ginger, chicken broth, salt and pepper. stir to combine., cover and cook on low for 6 hours., when ready to serve, sprinkle with and cilantro or nuts optional and serve with lemon wedges.slow cooker directions, heat oil in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. add onion and garlic and saute until soft, 34 minutes. slowly add the chicken broth, tomato sauce and chipotle adobo sauce and bring to a boil. add cilantro and remove from heat. pour into crock pot., add the drained beans, diced tomatoes, corn, cumin, oregano and stir. add the chicken breasts cover and cook on low heat for 46 hours., remove chicken and shred with two forks. add chicken back into the soup, adjust salt and cumin to taste. serve in bowls and top with cheese, avocado, scallions and cilantro. also great with sour cream or crushed tortilla chips. enjoy, instant pot directions, press saute on the instant pot. add onion and garlic and saute until soft, 34 minutes. slowly add the chicken broth, tomato sauce and chipotle adobo sauce and cilantro., add the drained beans, diced tomatoes, corn, cumin, oregano and stir. add the chicken breasts cover and cook on high pressure for 20 minutes. quick or natural release., remove chicken and shred with two forks. add chicken back into the soup, adjust salt and cumin to taste. serve in bowls and top with cheese, avocado, scallions and cilantro. also great with sour cream or crushed tortilla chips. enjoycombine the salsa, olive oil and lime juice set aside., season the chicken., light the grill to medium heat. remove any tired outer leaves from the romaine, then halve each head vertically. place on a large platter and spray cut sides with olive oil spray. lightly spray corn with olive oil., place chicken and corn on the grill and cook, until cooked through, about 5 minutes on each side, until the chicken is cooked through and the corn is tender. remove and place on a cutting board., grill romaine close to the heat source over high, cut side down about 1 to 2 minutes. remove., slice the chicken into strips, cut the kernels off the corn and serve over romaine with avocado, tomatoes, onions, salt and dressing on top.in a small bowl, combine the cheeses., in another small bowl, combine avocado, juice from half the lime, and a pinch of salt., in one more bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, cilantro, juice from the other lime half, 14 teaspoon salt and black pepper, to taste., to assemble layer each with 13 cup chicken, 1 tbsp black beans, and sprinkle with 2 12 tbsp cheese. broil for 23 minutes or until the cheese is melted. top each with a dollop of avocado and a spoonful of the tomato salsa, jalapeno black olives. top each with a small sprinkle of salt.cut the bok choy crosswise into 12inch slices, keeping the leaves and stalks separate., mince the garlic. stem the shiitakes and thinly slice the caps. peel and mince the ginger., in a small bowl, whisk together the stock, cornstarch, and mirin., in a large nonstick pan, heat the sesame oil over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. add the bok choy stalks and shiitakes, spreading into a single layer. season with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper. cook without moving until starting to brown on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. stir and cook until softening, 2 to 3 minutes., add the crushed red pepper, garlic, ginger, and bok choy leaves and stir to combine. cook until fragrant, about 1 minute., season the shrimp on both sides with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper. add to the vegetables and cook until just pink, 1 to 2 minutes per side., push all the ingredients to the outer edges of the pan. pour the stock mixture into the center, and simmer until thickened, about 2 minutes. stir everything together to combine and coat, then remove the pan from the heat. taste the stirfry and add salt and pepper as needed., serve over rice if desired not included in nutritional information.heat oven to 400f., lightly spray olive oil spray in a medium nonstick skillet and heat on a medium heat., add onion, garlic and cilantro and saute about 2 minutes, add ground turkey, salt, garlic powder, cumin and cook meat for 4 to 5 minutes until meat is completely cooked through., add 14 cup of tomato sauce and 12 cup of chicken broth, mix well and simmer on low for about 5 minutes., combine cooked rice and meat together., cut the bell peppers in half lengthwise, and remove all seeds. spoon 23 cup meat mixture into each pepper half and place in a 9 x 13inch baking dish. top each with 1 tbsp cheese., pour the remainder of the chicken broth on the bottom of the pan. cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake for about 45 minutes., carefully remove the foil and serve right away.place the squash, shallots and broth in the slow cooker., cook on low for 8 hours or high 4 hours, until soft and cooked through, a knife should easily be inserted., remove squash from skin and discard the peel., stir in coconut milk and nutmeg., blend in a blender or using an immersion blender., season to taste with salt and pepper and garnish with more coconut milk and chives, if desired.if frozen, place edamame in a microwavesafe bowl and heat edamame for 23 minutes, or until defrosted., in a small bowl, combine orange zest, cayenne, sesame seeds and black pepper. set aside., in a small sauce pot, bring soy sauce, chicken broth and honey to a slow boil over medium heat., continue to gently boil until sauce is reduced by half, about 5 to 6 minutes., meanwhile, heat a large nonstick skillet or wok over mediumhigh heat., add the oil, garlic and ginger and saute for 30 to 60 seconds., add edamame and orange peelspice mixture and toss to evenly coat., add sauce to the edamame, toss and cook for an additional 23 minutes, or until sauce is slightly thickened and edamame is heated through.in a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of oil over medium heat and saute the garlic until golden, about 1 minute., add the salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes, and parsley and stir. add the tomatoes, chicken broth and bring to a boil., reduce heat, add the basil and simmer 5 minutes., gently drop in the eggs keeping the yolks in tact, top with 2 tbsp of the parmigiano reggiano and 1 tbsp of the pecorino romano., cover and simmer on mediumlow 10 to 15 minutes, or until the eggs whites are cooked through and no longer runny., finish with the remainder of the cheese and drizzle with olive oil. serve with crusty bread optionalfor slow cooker, season chicken with salt and pepper and place in the slow cooker., heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat, add oil, onion and garlic and saute until soft, 3 to 4 minutes., transfer to the slow cooker with chicken broth, tomato sauce, chipotle, cumin, oregano, half of the cilantro and bay leaves., cover and cook low 4 to 6 hours., meanwhile spiralize the zucchini using a spiralizer with the thinnest noodle setting. cut the zucchini into 6inch strips., discard the bay leaves and remove the chicken, shred with 2 forks and place back in the slow cooker along with the zucchini and cook on high until the zucchini is tender crisp, about 5 minutes., to serve, ladle into bowls and serve topped with sliced avocado and remaining cilantro., for instant pot, season chicken with salt and pepper., press saute button on instant pot, add oil, onion and garlic and saute until soft, 3 to 4 minutes., add the chicken broth, tomato sauce, chicken, chipotle, cumin, oregano, half of the cilantro and bay leaves., cover and cook high pressure 20 minutes. quick or natural release., meanwhile spiralize the zucchini using a spiralizer with the thinnest noodle setting. cut the zucchini into 6inch strips., when the pressure releases, open the instant pot, discard the bay leaves and remove the chicken, shred with 2 forks and place back in the pot along with the zucchini., press saute and cook until the zucchini is tender crisp, about 2 to 4 minutes., to serve, ladle into bowls and serve topped with sliced avocado and remaining cilantro.season chicken with 34 tsp salt, 1 tsp cumin, 12 tsp paprika, 14 tsp chili powder and 14 tsp garlic powder., in a large deep nonstick skillet, heat 1 teaspoon olive oil over high heat. when the oil is very hot, add the chicken and cook until browned, stirring about 5 to 6 minutes.transfer to a plate and set aside., reduce heat to medium, add the remaining teaspoon of olive oil to the skillet., when the oil is hot, add the onions, bell peppers, and remaining 12 tsp cumin, 12 tsp paprika, 14 tsp chili powder and 14 tsp garlic powder, 14 tsp salt. cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 10 minutes., add minced garlic, and stir until fragrant and well combined, about 30 seconds., remove from heat and transfer to the plate with the chicken., in the same skillet, add the broth, diced tomatoes and uncooked pasta. stir to combine and bring to a boil, then cover, reduce heat to mediumlow, and cook for 15 minutes until pasta is tender and liquid is mostly absorbed., add the chicken and veggies back into the skillet and stir to combine until heated through, about 2 minutes., mix in the sour cream and top with scallions and cilantro. serve with avocado on top.slow cooker, place all the ingredients except the scallion, avocado and goat cheese in the slow cooker and cook on low 8 hours. when done, break up the ground meat with a wooden spoon and add half of the goat cheese if using., serve garnished with scallions and avocado on top., instant pot, place all the ingredients except the scallion, avocado and goat cheese in the pressure cooker and cook high pressure 25 minutes. when done, break up the ground meat with a wooden spoon and add half of the goat cheese if using., serve garnished with scallions and avocado on top.preheat oven to 400f and line a large baking try with parchment or aluminum foil. lightly spray with oil., spray oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat., add onion, garlic and cilantro and saute about 2 minutes, add ground turkey, salt, garlic powder, cumin and cook meat for 4 to 5 minutes until meat is completely cooked through. add 14 cup of tomato sauce and chicken broth, mix well and simmer on medium for about 5 minutes, remove from heat., meanwhile, arrange mini peppers in a single layer, cutside up close together., fill each with cooked ground turkey mixture, then top with shredded cheese and jalapeno slices, if using., bake 8 to 10 minutes, until cheese is melted., remove from oven and top with black olives, sour cream and cilantro. serve immediately.combine breadcrumbs and grated cheese in a shallow bowl., combine olive oil, lemon juice, and pepper in another bowl. preheat oven to 450f., lightly spray a 9 x 12 baking dish with nonstick spray., place each cutlet on a work surface such as a cutting board and spread 1 tbsp sundried tomato bruschetta, 1 tablespoon mozzarella cheese, 1 tbsp spinach leaves and 2 to 3 slices red onion in the center. roll and place seam side down on a work surface., repeat with the remaining chicken., when finished, dip into the lemon oil mixture, then into the crumb mixture and transfer to a baking sheet., spray the top with olive oil spray. bake 25 minutes, until golden and cooked through., follow steps above 1 through 6., preheat the air fryer once again to 400f. spray both sides of the chicken with oil. cook, in two batches 12 minutes turning halfway.use the saute button on the instant pot, then add the oil and butter, when melted add the celery, carrots and onions cook 5 to 6 minutes, or until tender., add the flour, stir and cook 1 to 2 minutes. add the broth, milk, and pour the juice of the tomatoes into the instant pot, then roughly crush the tomatoes with your hands add to the pot. add the thyme, basil, and bay leaves and parmesan rind if using., cover and cook high pressure 30 minutes. quick or natural release, remove the cheese rind and herbs then blend the soup using an immersion blender until smooth or you can carefully do this in small batches in the blender., add the 13 cup grated pecorino cheese, salt and pepper, adjusting to taste., to serve, ladle into bowls, top each with basil and 1 teaspoon parmesan.preheat oven to 400f., place the chicken breasts in a stock pot along with 12 an onion and salt and cover with water. bring to a boil and simmer until cooked through, about 20 minutes., remove chicken from the water and let cool slightly. shred chicken with two forks and set aside., mince the remaining onion and add to the shredded chicken., in batches place 6 tortillas on a microwave safe dish and microwave 40 to 50 seconds to make them pliable so they dont crack. keep them covered with a dish cloth to stay warm, then working one by one dip each warm tortilla in green salsa. scoop two rounded tablespoons into each tortilla and roll tightly and place in a large casserole dish, seam side down, in a single layer. repeat with the remaining tortillas and chicken., drench entire pan with 1 cup sauce and sprinkle with crumbled queso fresco., bake, covered in oven for 25 to 30 minutes. remove from oven and serve with sour cream or additional queso fresco, if desired.preheat oven to 400f., cut peppers in half lengthwise, removing seeds and stem., place peppers, cut side up in an ovenproof dish., fill each pepper with 12 cup chili mixture, top each with 1 12 tbsp of cheese., pour about 14 cup water or chicken broth on the bottom of the dish. cover tight with foil., bake 4045 minutes, or until the peppers become soft., top with cilantro or scallions and serve with sour cream or avocado if desired optional.season pork with salt and pepper., press saute on the instant pot, spray with oil and brown the pork on all sides for about 5 minutes. remove from heat and allow to cool., using a sharp knife, insert blade into pork about 1inch deep, and insert the garlic slivers, youll want to do this all over., season pork with cumin, sazon, oregano, adobo and garlic powder all over., pour chicken broth, add chipotle peppers and stir, add bay leaves and place pork in the instant pot, cover and cook using the pressure cooker setting on high pressure for 80 minutes., when the pressure releases, shred pork using two forks and combine well with the juices that accumalated at the bottom., remove bay leaves and adjust cumin and add adobo and mix well.season chicken with salt and pepper, to taste., place the flour in a shallow dish. lightly dredge the chicken with flour on both sides, shaking off the excess reserving the flour., in a small bowl combine the chicken broth, lemon juice, dijon mustard and 1 teaspoon of the reserved flour, whisk until smooth., heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. melt the butter and add 1 teaspoon of the olive oil and half of the chicken., cook 2 minutes on each side, until slightly golden, then transfer to a dish., add remaining 12 teaspoon olive oil and remaining chicken and cook 2 minutes on each side., set aside on a dish with the other pieces of chicken., reduce the heat to mediumlow, add the chicken broth mixture. whisk scraping up any bits stuck to the pan then simmer 2 minutes to reduce slightly., return the chicken to the skillet, top each piece with a slice of ham and a slice of swiss, cover the skillet and simmer mediumlow for 3 to 4 minutes until the cheese melts., to serve use a spatula and transfer the chicken to each dish, spoon the remaining sauce over each piece.preheat oven to 350f. season chicken with salt and pepper on both sides., spray a grill pan or large skillet with cooking spray and cook chicken on high heat about 1 minute on each side, until cooked through., slice thin, set aside., spray with more oil and saute onions and peppers over mediumlow heat for 5 to 6 minutes, until soft., combine all the ingredients in a medium bowl., place in an ovenproof dish and bake 2025 minutes, until hot and cheese is melted.start by spriralizing the zucchini using blade d if you have the inspiralizer, or the thickest noodle blade your spiralizer has., season the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt, pepper and oregano., in a large nonstick pan set over medhigh heat, heat 12 tablespoon of the oil., add the chicken and cook, stirring until browned and cooked through, about 6 minutes. set aside., reduce heat to medium, add the remaining oil and garlic and cook until golden, 30 seconds. add the tomatoes, and crushed red pepper flakes, and season with 14 teaspoon salt and black pepper., reduce the heat to low. simmer, covered, until the tomatoes soften, 15 minutes., increase heat to high, stir in the zucchini and basil, season with 14 teaspoon salt and cook 2 minutes., add the chicken back to the skillet along with the mozzarella and serve right away.preheat oven to 400f., cut spaghetti squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds and membrane. season lightly with salt and black pepper bake about 1 hour, or longer if needed on a baking sheet, cut side down., if you prefer the microwave, cut squash in half lengthwise, scoop out seeds and fibers and place on a microwave safe dish and cover. microwave 89 minutes or until soft., in a small bowl combine the ricotta cheese, 2 tbsp parmesan cheese and parsley., in a large deep saute pan, heat oil and add onions and garlic saute on mediumlow for about 3 to 4 minutes, until soft., add the sausage and cook, breaking up into smaller pieces until browned and cooked through., when cooked, add the crushed tomatoes and adjust salt and pepper to taste. add the bay leaf and cover, reducing heat to low., simmer 20 to 30 minutes, then add in fresh basil at the very end., when spaghetti squash is cooked, let it cool for about 10 minutes keeping the oven on. if you microwaved this, preheat the oven to 400f., when the spaghetti squash is cool enough to handle, use a fork to remove flesh, which will come out in spaghetti looking strands reserving the shells., drain the squash on a paper towel to soak up any excess liquid, then toss with half of the sauce. place the spaghetti squash back into the 6 shells and place on a baking sheet., top each with remaining sauce, 1 tbsp ricotta cheese mixture, and 2 tbsp mozzarella cheese.bake in the oven for 20  30 minutes or until everything is hot and the cheese is melted.place all the ingredients into the instant pot, stir and cover. use soup button and cook 30 minutes. when done and the pressure releases, shred the chicken and stir. makes about 11 cups.melt butter in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. add onion, carrot, celery and garlic and cook until onion is soft, about 8 to 10 minutes., stir in flour and cook until golden, about 2 minutes. stir in 1 cup of broth and scrape up any browned bits and smooth out any lumps transfer to slow cooker., stir in remaining broth, water, wine, sage, and bay leaves into the slow cooker., season turkey with salt and pepper, place skin side up in the slow cooker, cover and cook 5 to 7 hours on low, or until the turkey reaches 165 degrees with an instantread thermometer, transfer turkey to a cutting board tent loosely with with foil and let it rest 20 minutes., let braising liquid settle for 5 minutes, then remove the fat from the surface using a large spoon or a gravy fat separator., strain braising liquid into saucepan, discard celery, bay leaves and simmer until thickened, about 15 minutes. season with salt and pepper to taste., discard the skin and carve the turkey and serve with gravy.check labels for glutenfree., preheat oven to 400f., season chicken tenders with 34 teaspoon salt and pepper. place flour on a shallow plate and egg in a medium bowl. place tortilla chips, remaining 14 teaspoon salt, garlic powder, cumin, and pepper on another shallow plate. dredge each tender lightly in flour, then egg shaking off excess, then chip mixture. lightly spray sheet pan with olive oil, place tenders on pan and spray the top with olive oil. bake about 8 to 10 minutes on each side or until cooked through., to serve place 2 tenders on each plate, sprinkle with cilantro. serve with 1 lime wedge and salsa for dipping.preheat oven to 450f degrees. spray 2 large nonstick sheetpans with oil or use parchment or foil for easy cleanup. arrange the center rack and lower third., combine the italian seasoning ingredients in a large bowl. season chicken with 12 teaspoon salt, then add the chicken, zucchini, carrots, bell peppers and red onion to the bowl and toss well to coat. marinate 30 minutes or as long as overnight., arrange everything onto the prepared baking sheets spread out into a single layer. the vegetables and chicken should not touch. bake about 20 minutes, turn chicken and vegetables and bake an additional 10 minutes, until roasted and tender. top with fresh parsley and serve.preheat oven to 400f degrees., in a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, sugar, sesame oil, ginger, garlic, and salt. add cucumber, onion and sesame seeds and stir. set aside to allow flavors to combine., season chicken cutlets with 14 teaspoon salt and pepper. place flour on a shallow plate and egg in a medium bowl. place panko, togarashi, 14 teaspoon salt, pepper and sesame seeds on another shallow plate. dredge each cutlet lightly in flour, then egg shaking off excess, then panko mixture. place on a sheet pan covered in parchment. spray cutlets lightly with olive oil and bake for 20 minutes, rotating pan halfway through., top each cutlet with about 12 cup relish, 1 teaspoon soy sauce and sriracha if desired. serve.in a large deep nonstick skillet, brown the sausage breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon until cooked, about 5 minutes. add onions and garlic and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. add tomatoes, basil, and black pepper. simmer on low, covered 15 to 20 minutes., meanwhile, slice butternut into 18 thick rounds with a good quality spiralizer such as the inspiralizer with blade a. to do this, you have to slice the butternut lengthwise halfway through to the center, careful not to cut deeper than that. you can also use a mandolin be careful or a sharp knife., preheat oven to 375f., in a medium bowl combine ricotta cheese, parmesan cheese, parsley and egg, mix., in a deep 912 casserole dish spread 34 cup of sauce on the bottom and layer 12 rounds of butternut slices to cover. spread 34 cup of the ricotta cheese mixture, then top with 1 cup of the mozzarella cheese and 1 cup sauce. second layer lay 12 more rounds of butternut, 34 cup ricotta mixture, 1 cup mozzarella and 1 cup sauce. third layer 12 slices butternut, 1 12 cups sauce and cover with foil., bake covered 30 minutes., remove foil, cook uncovered 30 minutes this helps dry out excess moisture. top with remaining cheese and bake until the cheese is melted and bubbling, 5 minutes., let stand about 5 10 minutes before serving.preheat oven to 425f., spray the cut sides of the squash with oil and sprinkle with salt. place face down on a large baking sheet. bake until tender and browned on the edges, about 20 to 25 minutes., meanwhile, in a large saute pan cook sausage on medium heat, breaking up the meat into small pieces as it cooks until the sausage is cooked through and is browned. add the onion and celery cook until celery is soft, about 8 to 10 minutes., add the mushrooms and thyme to the pan, more salt and pepper if needed and cook, stirring 5 minutes, then cook covered for 2 minutes, or until the mushrooms are soft and cooked through., divide 12 cup between the squash, top with parmesan cheese and bake 10 minutes.instant pot, in a blender, blend 1 can of beans with 1 cup of water., press saute button then cook the bacon until crisp. set aside on paper towels., add the onion, carrots and celery to the pot and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. stir in the tomato paste then add the pureed beans, beans, broth, rosemary and bay leaves., cook on high pressure 15 minutes. let the pressure release, remove rosemary and bay leaves. place 2 cups of the soup in the blender and puree to thicken, then add back to the soup along with the spinach and stir until wilted. to serve, ladle into 6 bowls and top with bacon., stove top, in a blender, blend 1 can of beans with 1 cup of water., saute the bacon in a large pot until crisp. set aside on paper towels., add the onion, carrots and celery to the pot and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. stir in the tomato paste then add the pureed beans, beans, broth, rosemary and bay leaves., bring to a boil, cover and cook on low until the beans and vegetables are soft, about 25 minutes. place 2 cups of the soup in the blender and puree to thicken, then add back to the soup along with the spinach and stir until wilted. to serve, ladle into 6 bowls and top with bacon., slow cooker, in a blender, blend 1 can of beans with 1 cup of water., saute the bacon in a skillet until crisp. set aside on paper towels., add the onion, carrots and celery to the skillet and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. transfer to the slow cooker with the tomato paste, pureed beans, canned beans, broth, rosemary and bay leaves., cover and cook low 8 hours. remove rosemary and bay leaves. place 2 cups of the soup in the blender and puree to thicken, then add back to the soup along with the spinach and stir until wilted, adjust salt to taste. to serve, ladle into 6 bowls and top with bacon.heat oil in a large deep skillet, over medium heat., add onion and garlic and saute 1 minute. add cumin, masala and curry powder and mix well, cooking 1 minute., place chicken in the pan and season with 1 teaspoon salt., add tomatoes, cilantro, coconut milk and water., stir all ingredients and cover pan, simmer on mediumlow until chicken is cooked through, about 30 minutes., add potatoes, 12 teaspoon salt and simmer, covered an additional 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender., pressure cooker directions reduce water to 12 cup and cook the chicken after step 4 on high pressure for 15 minutes, quick release then add potatoes, high pressure 5 minutes. let it release naturally.spray a large pot with cooking spray then brown the turkey over medium heat, breaking up with a wooden spoon as it cooks. when cooked through, add the onions and pepper and cook 23 minutes. add tomatoes, corn, beans, tomato sauce, refried beans, taco seasoning and chicken broth. bring to a boil, cover and simmer about 1015 minutes., serve with your favorite toppings such as low fat sour cream, jalapenos, reduced fat cheese, chopped scallions, onions, or chopped fresh cilantro. freeze leftovers in individual portions for future meals.combine carrots, lentils, broth, bay leaf and water in a large pot or dutch oven. bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to low 30 minutes., meanwhile heat a large skillet over medium heat with oil. add oil, scallions and garlic and cook 2 12 minutes. add tomatoes, salt and pepper and cook 2 12 minutes, stirring., stir into the lentils after they have cooked 30 minutes, then cook an additional 10 minutes covered., to serve, ladle 23 cup of lentils over 34 cup rice. top with 12 chopped egg, 12 slice chopped bacon, scallions and salt, to taste.preheat oven to 350f., in a large bowl, combine the garlic, lime juice, oil, cumin, crushed red pepper, and salt., add the chickpeas, corn, tomato, onion and cilantro mix well., heat a cast iron skillet over high heat for 5 minutes until it is smoking hot., mix together the paprika, salt, cayenne, cumin, thyme, and garlic powder. spray the chicken breasts with cooking spray on both sides, then coat the chicken breasts evenly with the spice mixture., place the chicken in the hot skillet, and cook for 1 minute. turn, and cook 1 minute on other side. transfer to the oven and bake until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear and a thermometer reads 165f inserted in the center, about 8 to 10 minutes. slice chicken., when ready to eat, gently mix avocado into the salad, top with chicken and serve right away.heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. add the bacon and saute until brown and crisp. remove bacon pieces with a slotted spoon, transfer to a paper towel lined plate and set aside. discard the majority of the bacon grease, leaving a very thin coating in the pan., season both sides of the chicken pieces with 14 tsp salt and black pepper and add to the skillet. cook 4 minutes per side, or until cooked through. transfer to a plate and tent with foil., add the shallots to the now empty skillet and saute 1 minute, scraping up brown bits. add the garlic and saute 30 seconds more. add the broth, wine and thyme and stir. add the green beans, increase the heat to mediumhigh and cook for about 8 minutes, or until the sauce has reduced and the green beans are crisp tender, stirring occasionally., transfer the chicken breasts and green beans to a serving platter. season beans with 18 teaspoon salt and fresh pepper. pour chicken juices into sauce with 18 teaspoon salt, stir and cook for an additional 30 seconds. pour sauce over the chicken and green beans and top with chopped bacon.pierce potatoes with a fork microwave on high for 5 minutes turn over and microwave another 3  5 minutes, until tender. or if you prefer to use your oven, bake at 400f for 1 hour or until tender. cool. peel potatoes., meanwhile, steam cauliflower with water in a large covered pot until tender. drain and return to pot., on medium heat, add chicken broth, milk, potatoes and bring to a boil., use an immersion blender to puree until smooth. add sour cream, half the chives, salt and pepper and cook on low another 510 minutes, stirring occasionally., remove from heat. ladle 1 cup soup into each bowl., top each serving with 2 tbsp cheese, remaining chives, and bacon.chop broccoli rabe into 1inch pieces and set aside., place a large skillet over medium heat. when hot, add the sausage and oregano and cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon 6 to 8 minutes, until browned. transfer to a plate., add the broccoli rabe and parsnip noodles to the skillet with the garlic and red pepper flakes, then add broth and cook until the noodles are al dente, about 5 minutes., return sausage to the skillet, add the cheese and stir to combine.season chicken with salt and garlic powder., saute the onions, scallions, tomato and garlic in olive oil until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. add 14 cup cilantro and stir 1 minute. add tomato sauce, water, bouillon, cumin and stir. place the chicken in the sauce. top with corn, cover and cook on high pressure 20 minutes. natural release and top with remaining cilantro., to make on the stove, simmer low covered 40 minutes adding the corn the last 5 minutes.whisk all dressing ingredients in a small bowl until combined. set aside, cook the bacon according to package directions. once cooked, place strips on a paper towel lined plate and allow to cool. meanwhile, chop the tomatoes, avocado, eggs, and chicken. once cool, chop the bacon., in each quart size mason jar, divide all ingredients evenly. layer the dressing, chicken, tomato, eggs, cheese, bacon and top with chopped romaine and avocado i suggest adding avocado the day you plan to eat it.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., in a medium bowl, combine tomatoes, onions, garlic, olive oil, herbs de provence, red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon salt and black pepper., toss to evenly coat and transfer to a sheet pan lightly sprayed with olive oil., roast for 12 to 15 minutes., meanwhile, cut the chicken breast in half lengthwise into 2 thin cutlets., season both sides with 14 teaspoon salt and pepper., spray a large nonstick grill pan or skillet with olive oil over mediumhigh heat., when hot add chicken and cook about 1 12 to 2 minutes per side., to serve top chicken with roasted veggies and garnish with remaining basil.in a bowl, mix the marinade ingredients except the chicken. slice the chicken into long, thin strips, about 3 inches long by 1 inch wide, and add to marinade. turn chicken to coat, cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or longer., meanwhile, prepare the peanut sauce. combine all the ingredients in a small saucepan and whisk well. bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook until smooth, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. set aside to cool to room temperature., prepare grill to high heat and thread marinated chicken onto soaked bamboo skewers. place on grill and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until cooked through. serve with lime wedges and peanut sauce and garnish with cilantro and peanuts.preheat oven to 425f., season chicken with salt and pepper. spray 2 large baking sheets with oil., combine all the ingredients together in a large bowl using your hands to mix well then arrange everything onto the prepared baking sheets spread out in a single layer., the vegetables should not touch the chicken or it will steam instead of roast., bake about 20 to 25 minutes, rotating the pan top to bottom, or until the chicken is cooked through and the vegetables are roasted and tender.season chicken on both sides with spices., place into the instant pot and cover with salsa., cover and 20 minutes. natural release., once the instant pot releases the pressure, put the chicken onto a plate and use two forks to shred., if using a slow cooker, cook on low for 46 hours or until the chicken is done.preheat oven to 350f., in a large deep nonstick skillet, brown the sausage over high heat until cooked through, seasoning with a pinch of salt and breaking it up into smaller pieces as it cooks. set aside on a dish., add olive oil to the skillet, reduce heat to medium and add the onions,, garlic and peppers saute until the vegetables soft, about 6 to 7, minutes., return the sausage to the skillet along with the remaining ingredients except for the pasta and cheese., bring to a boil and then lower heat to mediumlow and simmer for 10 minutes, until the vegetables are soft., spoon just enough of the sausagevegetable mixture to cover the bottom of a 9x13 pan., cover with uncooked pasta. spoon remaining sauce mixture evenly over the top and sprinkle with cheese., cover with foil and bake 5055 minutes. remove from oven and let stand, covered, for 15 minutes., divide into 8 servings.chop onion, carrot, celery, garlic in a chopper or mini food processor., in a large soup pot, melt butter. add chopped vegetables and saute on low heat until soft, about 5 minutes., add flour, salt and pepper to the pot and stir until smooth., add chicken broth, milk and potatoes and set heat to high until it comes to a boil, then cover and cook on low until potatoes are soft, about 1015 minutes., add broccoli florets, parmesan cheese, and stir well. adjust salt and pepper to taste. cook uncovered until broccoli is cooked, about 5 minutes., add cheddar and american cheese, stir well and remove from heat., using an immersion blender, quickly blend part of the soup for a quick second or two. if you dont have an immersion blender, remove about 12 cups of potatoes and broccoli, place it in your chopper, then add it back to the soup. this helps thicken it a bit.for sauce, soak almonds in 1 cup of water for 2 hours., drain and discard water., in a blender or vitamix, combine almonds, 1 cup fresh water, lemon juice, garlic, honey, turmeric, salt and basil and blend until completely smooth., put the sauce in a squeeze bottle. note you will only use 12 the sauce., assembly, put the sauce in a squeeze bottle., in 4 bowls, evenly distribute the quinoa, chicken, veggies broccoli, peppers and carrots, and beans., in between layers, squeeze in 2 tablespoons of sauce., top each with 1 tbsp each pumpkin seeds, green onions, feta and drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon of sauce. each bowl gets about 3 tablespoons of sauce., refrigerate extra sauce for up to 5 daysits great as a salad dressing or drizzled over meat, poultry or fish.cook bacon in a large heavy nonstick skillet until crispy, about 7 minutes. transfer to a paper towel to drain and set aside., drain the fat but dont wipe the skillet, leaving any excess oil in the pan to cook the chicken., season chicken with salt and rosemary, cook in the skillet over mediumhigh heat until golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes on each side., make a bed of the romaine and arugula or watercress in a large serving bowl or platter or divide between 2 plates. scatter the cherry tomatoes, red onion and bacon on top., slice the avocado, sprinkle with pinch of salt and arrange on salad. slice the chicken thighs and add to the salad., to make the rosemary vinaigrette, in a small bowl whisk the ingredients. pour over the salad and serve right away.season chicken with vinegar, salt, pepper and oregano. marinate a few hours if time permits., set the instant pot to saute, when hot add the oil and the chicken to brown on both sides, about 4 minutes on each side., add the tomatillo salsa, 2 tablespoons of the cilantro and jalapeno, cover and cook on high pressure 20 minutes, until the chicken is tender. when the pressure releases, garnish with cilantro and serve over rice if desired., place ingredients in the slow cooker and cook low 6 hours or high 3 hours., follow same directions, add a little water and cook covered on low until chicken is very tender, 30 to 40 minutes.season cutlets with seasoned salt. place bread crumbs in a shallow bowl. in another bowl beat egg whites sazon together. dip chicken cutlets in egg whites, then breadcrumb mixture, shaking off excess., heat a large nonstick frying pan on medium heat. add the olive oil. when hot add the cutlets and cook about 6 minutes on each side, until golden brown and cooked through., in a large bowl combine the avocado, red onion, tomato, cilantro, salt, pepper, cumin, and lime juice. gently toss and serve over the chicken with additional lime wedges.place the chicken breast halves between 2 pieces of plastic wrap or parchment and lightly pound to even thickness. season both sides with 14 teaspoon salt and pepper., heat large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. spray with olive oil spray, add chicken breasts and brown each side, 2 minutes each. remove chicken from pan and set aside on a plate., reduce heat to medium, add oil and onions and saute, scraping brown bits with a wooden spoon, about 3 minutes or until onions are tender. add garlic and saute 30 seconds more. add tomato sauce, chicken broth, 12 teaspoon salt, cumin, chipotle pepper and adobo sauce, stir and bring to a boil. reduce heat to medium low, return chicken to pan, cover and cook 8 to 10 minutes more or until chicken is cooked through. add lime juice., meanwhile, to make the avocado sauce combine all sauce ingredients in a small blender and process until smooth and uniform in color., to serve top each chicken breast half with tomato sauce mixture, avocado sauce and garnish with cilantro.for the dressing in a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oils, honey, ginger, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. set the dressing aside., for the chicken in a medium bowl, whisk together the hoisin, vinegar, sriracha, soy sauce, and ginger. set aside., heat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. spray with cooking spray then add the chicken and cook until browned and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes., add the water chestnuts and cashews to the pan. pour the reserved hoisin mixture on top and cook for 1 to 2 minutes to heat through. stir in the scallions. remove from the heat and set aside., for the salad in a large salad bowl, combine both of the lettuces and the carrots. toss the salad with the dressing and divide in 4 bowls. top each with 34 cup chicken mixture., serve immediately.place chicken in a shallow bowl and cover with pickle juice enough to cover completely. marinate in the refrigerator 8 hours., after 8 hours, drain and dry the chicken completely on paper towels discard marinade., preheat oven to 425f. spray a large baking sheet with generously with oil., combine egg, egg white, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. in a shallow bowl, combine the bread crumbs and panko., dip chicken in the egg wash, then into the breadcrumb mixture and shake off excess., place the chicken onto the prepared baking sheet and spray the top generously. bake in the lower third of the oven until the bottom is golden, 8 to 10 minutes. turn and bake 6 minutes, until golden., preheat the air fryer to 400f. spray the chicken on both sides with oil. cook in batches in a single layer 5 to 6 minutes on each side.in a large bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, honey, salt, and pepper. add the chicken, celery, parsley, cabbage, pear, and gorgonzola, and toss well to coat all ingredients in the dressing. cover the bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes., to serve, place 2 butter lettuce leaves on each of 4 plates and divide the salad among the lettuce cups.season the chicken with montreal chicken seasoning or any seasoned salt. cook chicken on a grill or grill pan sprayed with oil over medium heat for about 5 minutes on each side, or until the chicken is cooked through in the center. transfer to a cutting board and slice thin., place the corn in the microwave for 4 minutes or you can peel and boil in water for 5 minutes. peel the husk off the corn, then cut the corn off the cobb. divide the lettuce, tomatoes, corn and chicken on two plates, then drizzle with bbq sauce and dressing.,  in a bowl marinate the chicken with oyster sauce and soy sauce 10 minutes., heat a large nonstick skillet or wok over mediumhigh heat, when hot add the oil, garlic and chili and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds., increase the heat to high and add the chicken and cook, stirring until just cooked through, about 4 minutes. add the basil and cook until wilted, about 1 minute., serve over rice.place the chicken breasts, 1 at a time, in a ziploc bag. pound the chicken breast to an even thickness, about 12 inch thick, being careful not to puncture the bag., in a medium bowl, combine the soy sauce, apple sauce, onion, sesame oil, ginger, brown sugar, garlic, red pepper flakes, if using and sesame seeds. reserve 14 cup of the marinade and transfer the remainder to the ziploc bag with the chicken. refrigerate and marinate for at least 1 hour., over mediumhigh heat, grill the chicken for 2 to 3 minutes or until it no longer sticks to the grill. turn the chicken, spoon the reserved 14 cup of marinade over each breast and grill an addition 2 to 3 minutes.bring a large pot of water to boil., preheat oven to 400., cut zucchini in half lengthwise and using a spoon or melon baller, scoop out flesh, leaving 14 thick. chop the scooped out flesh of the zucchini in small pieces and set aside., drop zucchini halves in boiling water and cook 1 minute. remove from water., place 14 cup of sauce in the bottom of a 9 x 12 baking dish, and place zucchini halves cut side up., in a large saute pan, brown sausage, breaking up as it cooks into smaller pieces until browned set aside., heat oil and add onion, garlic and bell pepper. cook on a mediumlow heat for about 23 minutes, until onions are translucent. add chopped zucchini, season with salt and pepper and cook about 23 minutes., combine with sausage and cook a few more minutes., using a spoon, fill each hollowed zucchini with 13 cup cooked sausage, pressing firmly., top each with 2 tablespoons each of sauce, 1 tablespoon each of shredded mozzarella cheese and 1 teaspoon each of parmesan cheese., cover with foil and bake 35 minutes until cheese is melted and zucchini is cooked through.season the chicken with the adobo and set aside while you prep all your vegetables., heat a large nonstick pot or dutch oven over mediumlow heat, add the oil and the onions and celery and cook until soft and golden, about 8 to 10 minutes, then add the garlic and dry spices and cook 2 to 3 minutes. add the chicken broth, chicken, jalapeno and cilantro., cover and cook 20 minutes, then add the sweet potato and kale and cook until the sweet potatoes are tender and the chicken is cooked, about 25 to 30 minutes., remove the chicken, shred or cut up and discard the bones., return to the pot, discard the jalapeno and serve the soup into 6 bowls.heat a large heavy pot or dutch oven on medium heat. add the oil, carrots, onion, celery and garlic to the pot and stir., add chicken, broth, parsley, and bay leaves and bring to a boil. when boiling, reduce heat to low and cover. simmer covered over low heat until the chicken and vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes., remove the chicken, shred or cut the meat, discard the bones and return the chicken to the pot along with the barley, adjust the salt if needed and add fresh ground pepper. simmer an additional 40 minutes, until the barley is cooked., discard the bay leaves and serve. makes about 9 cups.preheat the oven to 400f., lightly spray a nonstick baking sheet with oil., in a large bowl, combine the ground chicken, panko crumbs, egg, scallions, celery, carrot and garlic season with salt and pepper, to taste., using clean hands, mix until combined. roll the mixture 18 cup each into 26 round meatballs., place meatballs onto prepared baking sheet and bake until cooked through and golden, about 16 to 18 minutes., place the meatballs in a bowl, add the buffalo sauce and gently toss to combine., serve immediately, drizzled with blue cheese dressing, if desired.stove top directions, heat a large soup pot or dutch oven over medium heat, spray with oil and add the sausage cook until browned, breaking it up as it cooks with a wooden spoon about 4 to 5 minutes., add the chopped onion and crushed garlic and cook 2 to 3 minutes., add the parsley, broth, water, marinara sauce, bay leaves and fresh black pepper and bring to a boil cover, reduce heat and simmer about 30 minutes., in a medium bowl combine the ricotta, parmesan, and 2 tbsp parsley and mix., add the broken pasta and cook uncovered according to package directions., divide between 6 bowls and top each with 2 tbsp ricotta cheese mixture, mozzarella, fresh cracked pepper and fresh basil on top., slow cooker directions, heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, spray with oil and add the sausage cook until browned, breaking it up as it cooks with a wooden spoon about 3 to 4 minutes. add the chopped onion and crushed garlic and cook until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes., transfer to the slow cooker and add the parsley, broth, water, marinara sauce, bay leaves and fresh black pepper. cover and set the slow cooker to low 8 hours or high 4 hours., meanwhile, in a medium bowl combine the ricotta, parmesan, and 2 tablespoons of the parsley and mix well set aside until the soup is ready., about 30 minutes before the soup is ready, remove the bay leaves and add the broken pasta, cover and cook until the pasta is cooked, about 30 minutes. divide between 6 bowls and top each with 2 tbsp ricotta cheese mixture, mozzarella, fresh cracked pepper and fresh basil on top., instant pot directions, press saute on the instant pot and spray with oil. add the sausage and cook until browned, breaking it up as it cooks with a wooden spoon about 4 to 5 minutes., add the chopped onion and crushed garlic and cook 2 to 3 minutes. press cancel to shut off., add the parsley, broth, water, marinara sauce, bay leaves and fresh black pepper cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes., in a medium bowl combine the ricotta, parmesan, and 2 tbsp parsley and mix. set aside., use the natural or the quick release method, then open the pot. add the broken pasta, cover and cook high pressure 3 minutes. use the quick release method to open the pot., divide between 6 bowls and top each with 2 tbsp ricotta cheese mixture, mozzarella, fresh cracked pepper and fresh basil on top.for the sauce in a medium bowl, combine the chicken broth, soy sauce,oyster sauce, rice wine and 2 tablespoons of water. whisk in the, cornstarch until smooth., using a spiralizer fitted with a shredder blade, or a mandolin fitted with a julienne blade, cut the zucchini into long spaghettilike strips. if using a spiralizer, use kitchen scissors to cut the strands into pieces that are about 8 inches long so theyre easier to eat., season chicken with salt., heat a large nonstick wok over high heat. when very hot, add 1 tsp of the oil and the chicken. cook until browned on both sides and opaque throughout, 2 to 3 minutes. set aside., add the remaining oil, bok choy, mushroom, carrots, scallions, ginger and garlic. cook until crisp tender, 2 to 3 minutes., set aside with the chicken., pour the sauce mixture into the wok and cook, stirring, until thickened and bubbling, 1 to 112 minutes., add the zucchini noodles to the sauce, mixing so the zucchini is covered in sauce, and cook until the zucchini is tender, 2 minutes., add the chicken and vegetables to combine, then divide between two serving bowls.preheat oven to 425f. spray a baking sheet with olive oil spray., put the olive oil in one bowl and the breadcrumbs and panko in another., season chicken with salt and pepper, then put in the bowl with the olive oil and mix well so the olive oil evenly coats all of the chicken., put a few chunks of chicken at a time into the breadcrumb mixture to coat, then on the baking sheet., lightly spray the top with olive oil spray then bake 8  10 minutes. turn over then cook another 4  5 minutes or until cooked though., meanwhile combine the sauce in a medium bowl. when the chicken is ready, drizzle it over the top and enjoy, in batches, cook the chicken in a preheated air fryer 400f 8 minutes, turning halfway.preheat oven to 400f., cut each breast in half lengthwise to create 2 cutlets., place chicken breasts in between a sheet of plastic wrap and lightly pound chicken to even thickness i like to do this to ensure the breast cooks evenly but its not absolutely necessary., season both sides of each breast with salt and pepper., mix herbs, garlic and mustard in a bowl., combine bread crumbs and parmesan cheese on a plate., lightly brush each breast in the mustardherb mixture, wiping off excess, then dredge each breast in the bread crumbcheese mixture., heat a large saute pan over medhigh heat., once pan is hot, add 12 tablespoon of olive oil., place 2 chicken breasts in the pan and brown each side, carefully flipping with a spatula, about 2 to 3 minutes per side., place breasts on a parchment lined sheet pan, repeat with remaining oil and chicken, then bake in oven for 5 to 8 minutes, or until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees., sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve.place the chicken in the slow cooker and season with black pepper. in a medium bowl, combine soy sauce, honey, tomato paste, vinegar, garlic, 1 tbsp water, sesame oil, onion powder and sriracha hot chili sauce. pour over chicken and cook on low 34 hours., remove chicken, leaving the sauce in the slow cooker. shred chicken with two forks set aside., in a small bowl, dissolve cornstarch in remaining 14 cup water add to the slow cooker and stir to combine. cover and cook on high until slightly thickened, about 15 to 20 minutes return chicken to the slow cooker and mix well., serve chicken and sauce over rice and top with sesame seeds and chopped scallions for garnish.boil potatoes in a medium pot of salted water until cooked and soft., drain and mash with chicken broth, sour cream, 12 tsp salt and pepper, set aside., preheat oven to 400f., in a large saute pan brown meat over medium high heat, breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon as it cooks. season with 12 tsp salt and pepper to taste., when cooked, set aside on a plate., add the oil, onion, garlic, mushrooms and celery and saute on medium heat about 6 to 8 minutes, until the vegetables are tender., add the flour, frozen vegetables, beef broth, tomato paste, worcestershire sauce, rosemary, thyme, cooked meat and mix well. simmer on low about 810 minutes., spread the meat on the bottom of casserole dish. top with mashed potatoes and sprinkle with paprika, bake 20 to 25 minutes, then place under the broiler 1 to 2 minutes until the potatoes turn golden., remove from oven and let it cool 5 minutes before serving.heat a 10inch nonstick oven safe skillet over medium heat., add the oil and onions to the pan and cook until the onions are golden, 5 to 6 minutes., add the sweet potatoes and thyme, season with 34 teaspoon salt, garlic powder, paprika and pinch of black pepper and stir to combine., add 2 to 3 tbsp water, cover and cook the sweet potatoes over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp and tender, about 8 to 12 minutes., add the chopped chicken to the skillet and cook 2 minutes, uncovered., make 4 wide wells in the hash. crack 1 egg into each well and season with salt and pepper and cover., cook until the whites are set, but the yolks are still runny, about 5 to 7 minutes. top with fresh herbs.preheat oven to 400f., spiralize the sweet potatoes with the smallest noodle blade and place them in a 9 x 13 oval casserole dish., if youre cooking the chicken, bring 2 cups of water to a boil in a medium pot and add chicken breast, cook 10 minutes. remove from water, set aside to cool and shred the chicken. place in a large bowl., bring a large pot of water to boil and add guajillo peppers, cover and simmer on medium until the peppers are soft, 10 to 20 minutes depending on the pepper., remove peppers and let cool, cut the stem and and remove the seeds and the inside of peppers. transfer to a blender., add 4 tomatoes to the same boiling water and cook 10 minutes., remove with a slotted spoon, peel the skin and transfer to the blender. blend until smooth., meanwhile, in a medium skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat and add the garlic and onion, saute until browned. transfer to the blender with the sauce along with cumin, salt, and pepper and blend well., pour the mixture into the large bowl with the shredded chicken, black beans and corn. mix to combine, then pour over the spiralized sweet potatoes, making sure the sauce mixes well and gets in between the spirals., top with cheese, cover with aluminum foil and bake 1 hour, or until the sweet potatoes are tender., top with scallions and serve.preheat the oven to 375f degrees., slice a pocket into the side of the chicken breast lengthwise to create a pocket for stuffing., season the inside and outside of the chicken with salt and pepper., heat a skillet of medium heat, add the oil, onions and proscuitto saute until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. add the sage and pear, season with a pinch of salt and cook 3 to 4 minutes or until translucent., remove from heat, and add the arugula. set aside to cool a few minutes., divide the stuffing and fill each breast with the pear filling and brie. cut cooking twine and tie the chicken breast closed with 3 pieces for each., heat an ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat and lightly spray with cooking spray. carefully sear the outside of the chicken on all sides except where the stuffing is until golden brown., set the chicken cut side up and place the skillet in the oven if you dont have an ovenproof skillet place in a baking pan. cover the skillet tightly with foil and cook 23 to 25 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through., to serve, cut each breast in half and serve.heat a large skillet over medium heat and cook the sausage until browned and cooked through, breaking it up as it cooks. set aside., add the oil, onions, roasted peppers, garlic and kosher salt and black pepper to the skillet and cook until golden, 4 to 5 minutes., add the tomatoes and chicken broth and return the sausage to the skillet., bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer on low 15 minutes., meanwhile cook the pasta in a large pot of salted water according to package directions., drain and toss with the sauce and pecorino cheese, cooking and stirring about 2 minutes on low to marry the flavors., finish with chopped parsley and serve with more cheese on the side, if desired.preheat oven to 400f., rinse the chicken and remove the skin and all fat. pat dry place in a large bowl and season with salt., in a small bowl combine dijon, mayonnaise, lime juice, lime zest, garlic and pepper. mix well. pour over chicken, tossing well to coat., spray a large baking pan with a little pam to prevent sticking since all the fat and skin was removed from chicken., place chicken to fit in a single layer. top the chicken with dried parsley., bake until cooked through, about 35 minutes. finish the chicken under the broiler until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.preheat the oven to 400f., lightly spray a 9 x 12 baking dish with oil., in a medium saucepan cook the quinoa with 1 34 cups broth according to package instructions when cooked, fluff with a fork and set aside., meanwhile in a small saucepan heat the oil over medium low heat. add the garlic and saute until golden, about 1  2 minutes. add the tomato sauce, 14 tsp kosher salt, cumin, 14 cup broth and chipotle en adobo. if its too thick, add 2 tbsp water to thin out. bring to a boil and simmer 3 to 4 minutes., in a large bowl combine the cooked quinoa, green chiles, corn, black beans and 14 cup cilantro. stir in 12 cup of the cheese and mix will. place into the baking dish and spread out. top with the enchilada sauce and remaining cheese., cover with foil and bake until hot the cheese is melted, about 20 to 25 minutes., to serve, top with avocado, scallions and remaining fresh cilantro. cut into 6 pieces and serve right away.heat a large deep nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat., brown the ground chicken in the skillet and cook, breaking up the meat into small pieces as it cooks, about 8 to 10 minutes, or until cooked through, set aside., add the onion, carrot, celery, garlic, chili powder, cumin, paprika, a pinch of salt and pepper, and cook stirring until the vegetables soften, about 5 to 6 minutes., add white beans, refried beans, water and chicken broth, bring to a boil and simmer covered on mediumlow about 10 minutes., stir in the hot sauce and add the chicken, cover and simmer until thickened, 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally until the flavors blend.stove top directions, heat a large pot over medium heat and add the olive oil, onion, jalapeno, and garlic. cook until soft, about 5 minutes. add the paprika, chili powder, cumin, black pepper, salt, and red pepper flakes. stir and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes., add the chicken, red peppers, beans, chicken stock, tomatoes, and barbecue sauce, stirring to combine. cover the pot, lower the heat to medium low, and cook for 20 minutes. remove the lid and taste, adjusting the seasoning to taste, if needed. cover and cook another 10 minutes., ladle the chili into bowls and top with cheddar cheese and cilantro. enjoy, instant pot directions, press saute, add the olive oil, onion, jalapeno, and garlic. cook until soft, about 5 minutes. add the paprika, chili powder, cumin, black pepper, salt, and red pepper flakes. stir and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes., add the chicken, red peppers, beans, chicken stock, tomatoes, and barbecue sauce, stirring to combine. cover and cook high pressure 10 minutes if using raw chicken, 15 minutes. natural release, adjusting the seasoning to taste, if needed., ladle the chili into bowls and top with cheddar cheese and cilantro. enjoyseason chicken with dry sazon seasoning and salt., heat 1 tsp of oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat and add chicken, cook 4 minutes, turn and cook 3 to 4 minutes until golden brown. set aside on a dish., add remaining teaspoon of oil and scallions and cook over medium heat 2 to 3 minutes., add garlic and cook 1 minute. add tomato, season with salt and cook 3 to 4 minutes until soft and thickened., add the broth, mix and return the chicken cover and simmer 1 to 2 minutes to loosen the sauce.preheat oven to 350f., pat the chicken dry with paper towels, and season with salt and pepper to taste., heat the oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering., add the chicken and cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side., remove to a plate and set aside., decrease the heat., add the shallot and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes., add the ginger and garlic to the pan and cook until fragrant stirring constantly, 45 to 60 seconds., add the chopped basil, chicken stock and peaches., return the chicken to the pan and turn to coat., transfer to the oven and bake until the juices run clear when the chicken is pierced with a knife, about 15 minutes., slice the chicken and serve immediately.season chicken with seasoned salt, olive oil and lime juice and marinate for at least an hour., heat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan on mediumhigh heat., oil the grates and grill about 2 minutes. turn and cook an additional 1 minute, or until cooked through. set aside on a cutting board and slice into thin strips., while the chicken is cooking, in a large work bowl mix the lettuce, tomato, cilantro, onions, olive oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. set aside., on the grill heat tortillas, turning till they slightly char, about 1 12 minutes on each side., design your taco. add chicken, lettuce, avocado and top with cotija cheese and radishes if desired, serve with lime wedges.combine garlic, oil, dijon mustard, lemon juice, oregano, salt and pepper in a medium bowl., place chicken in a gallon sized bag and pour the marinade over them, refrigerate overnight., thread the chicken and onion layers onto the skewers., heat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan over mediumhigh heat., spray the grates lightly with oil and grill about 5 minutes on each side, or until the center is no longer pink., serve with fresh lemon wedges.heat a large dutch oven or pot with a fitted lid over mediumhigh heat and spray with oil, brown the turkey breaking it up with a wooden spoon as it cooks., when cooked through, add the onions, garlic, pepper and taco seasoning cook 23 minutes., add the canned tomatoes, beans, tomato sauce, refried beans, chicken broth and water., bring to a boil, cover and simmer about 15 minutes. adjust salt to taste., stir in the uncooked pasta and simmer uncovered over medium heat until al dente, about 6 minutes or according to package directions., remove the pot from heat and top with the cheese, cover and let sit for about 23 minutes, until the cheese melts., serve immediately garnished with fresh cilantro and scallions.preheat the oven to 375f. spray a 9 x 13 baking dish with oil. place half of cheese into the baking dish., spray a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray, cook the sausage over medium heat breaking up as it cooks until browned and cooked through. set aside., add the oil to the skillet with the shallots and mushrooms and saute until vegetables are tender, about 5 to 6 minutes. add the roasted peppers, broccoli and return the sausage, cook 1 minute mix well and remove from heat. spread evenly over, the cheese mixture., in a large bowl combine the eggs, egg whites, milk, parmesan, salt and pepper and whisk well. slowly pour over the vegetables in the baking dish and top with remaining cheese., bake until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean, 32 to 35 minutes. let stand 8 to 10 minutes before cutting into 8 pieces.season the pork with salt., press saute and heat half of the oil., add the pork and cook until pieces are browned on all sides, about 8 minutes transfer to a plate., add remaining oil, onion, garlic, and chili powder and saute until soft, 4 minutes., add broth and water, cook, stirring and scraping up browned bits with a wooden spoon., return pork to the pressure cooker. secure lid., cook high pressure until meat is tender, about 45 minutes. quick or natural release., remove from heat, vent pressure, then remove lid., skim fat if any., using two forks, shred pork then stir in hominy and heat through., serve with avocado and lime and garnish with cilantro.season chicken with salt, pepper, garlic powder, oregano, and lemon juice., place in the slow cooker and cook on high 4 hours, or until chicken is no longer pink in the center near the bone., when chicken is cooked through, sprinkle with grated feta and cover until cheese is melted.heat a large pot over medium heat., add the oil, scallions, garlic and tomato to the pot, season with salt and pepper., cook stirring until soft, about 10 minutes., stir in 14 cup cilantro, cumin and cook 1 minute more., add the lentils, potato, broth and bay leaf., bring to a boil then reduce the heat to medium low, cover and cook until the lentils become tender about 30 minutes., remove the bay leaf, and puree the soup in the blender in 2 batches so it doesnt explode until very smooth., adjust soup with salt and pepper to taste, then ladle into bowls and top with sour cream, scallions and cilantro, if desired serve immediately.make the peanut sauce in a small saucepan combine chicken broth, pb2, 12 tablespoon sriracha, honey, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 tablespoon fresh ginger, and 1 clove crushed garlic and simmer over mediumlow heat stirring occasionally until sauce becomes smooth and thickens, about 6 to 8 minutes., meanwhile, heat a large nonstick skillet or wok over high medium until hot., when hot, spray with oil and saute the chicken until cooked through and browned, breaking it up as it cooks add the sriracha, remaining garlic and ginger and saute 1 minute. add the tablespoon of soy sauce, cook 1 minute., add the shredded carrots, and 12 cup of the scallions and saute until tender crisp, about 12 minutes. set aside., divide the chicken equally between 8 lettuce leaves, top each with shredded cabbage, remaining scallions, drizzle with peanut sauce, chopped peanuts and cilantro, for garnish and serve with lime wedges.wash leeks very carefully to remove all grit. i usually cut them horizontally and separate the rings to make sure no dirt remains., coarsely chop them when washed., in a medium soup pot, melt butter and add flour on low flame., using a wooden spoon, stir and cook 1 to 2 minutes., add broth, leeks, and cauliflower and bring to a boil., cover and simmer on low for about 20 minutes, until cauliflower is soft., using an immersion blender, blend the soup until smooth adjusting the salt and pepper to taste., serve immediately.spray a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray and over medium high heat cook ground turkey for 1012 minutes., break up the ground meat and mix so meat cooks evenly place in the slow cooker., to the skillet add the olive oil, onions, pepper, carrots, and celery and saute until soft, about 8 minutes., add garlic and saute for another 2 minutes., transfer to slow cooker along with diced tomatoes, chick peas, spices, broth and gently mix well., cover and cook on low heat 6 to 8 hours., remove bay leaves and serve garnish with fresh herbs.preheat oven to 425f. spray a baking sheet with olive oil spray., combine garlic powder, paprika, chili powder, black pepper, bread crumbs and panko in a medium bowl and toss well., place the hot sauce in another medium bowl with the oil., dip the chicken into the hot sauce mix, then into the crumbs and place on the baking sheet., spray the top generously with olive oil spray then bake 8  10 minutes. turn over then cook another 4  5 minutes or until cooked though., serve with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing if desired.preheat oven to 400f., in a large bowl, combine ground turkey, breadcrumbs, egg, parsley, onion, garlic, salt and cheese. using your clean hands, gently mix all the ingredients well until everything is combined., form small meatballs, about 1 tbsp each, youll get about 42. bake in the oven about 12 minutes., meanwhile, heat the oil in a large pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat., add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, about 15 minutes., add the broth, tomatoes, parmesan cheese rind, salt and pepper., add the rosemary,bay leaves, basil and parsley, cover and cook on low 40 minutes., remove the bay leaves, rosemary sprig, parmesan rind and drop the meatballs in along with the zucchini and spinach, cover and simmer until the zucchini is tender and meatballs are cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes, season to taste with salt and black pepper if needed., serve with extra grated cheese on the side if desired.rinse quinoa for about 2 minutes, using your hands to make sure all the saponins are removed., fill a medium pot with water, add quinoa and salt to taste and bring to a boil., when the water boils, reduce heat to low and cover simmer covered 15 minutes., remove from heat and keep covered an additional 5 minutes without lifting the lid then fluff with a fork and set aside in a large mixing bowl to cool., meanwhile, season chicken on both sides with salt and pepper, garlic and rosemary., drizzle both sides with the lemon juice and 1 teaspoon olive oil and pat into the meat with your fingertips., refrigerate 20 minutes while you prepare the grill., preheat the grill on high heat, clean the grates and oil them to prevent sticking or use a grill pan indoors sprayed with oil., arrange the chicken on the grill and cook until cooked and firm, 1 to 2 minutes per side., transfer the chicken to a cutting board, then slice into 1inch pieces., while the quinoa cools, dice all the vegetables., to the large work bowl with the cooled quinoa, add the red onion, olives, cucumber and tomatoes to the cooled quinoa, and squeeze the lemon over it., drizzle the remaining tablespoon olive oil over the quinoa, then add grilled chicken, feta, salt and pepper to taste and toss well., taste for salt and adjust as needed, add more lemon juice if needed.using a spiralizer with the thickest noodle blade, or a mandolin fitted with a julienne blade, cut the zucchini into long spaghettilike strips. if using a spiralizer, use kitchen scissors to cut the strands into pieces that are about 6 to 8 inches long so theyre easier to eat., in a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, balsamic, hoisin, water, red chili paste, sugar and cornstarch set aside., season chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. heat oil in a large, deep nonstick pan or wok over mediumhigh heat. add the chicken and cook until browned and cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. set aside., reduce heat to medium, add sesame oil, garlic and ginger to the skillet and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. add the bell pepper, stir in soy sauce mixture and bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer until thickened and bubbling, about 12 minutes. stir in zucchini noodles and cook, mixing for about two minutes until just tender and mixed with the sauce. if it seems dry, dont worry the zucchini will release moisture which helps create a sauce. once cooked, mix in chicken and divide between 2 bowls about 2 cups each and top with peanuts and scallions.slow cooker version, puree beans with 1 cup of the broth in a blender. heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, about 15 minutes., transfer to the crock pot along with the remaining broth, tomatoes, pureed beans, parmesan cheese rind, salt and pepper. add the rosemary, bay leaves, basil and parsley, cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours., forty minutes before the soup is done cooking, add zucchini and spinach. cover and cook 30 more minutes. remove bay leaves, rosemary sprig, parmesan rind and season to taste with salt and black pepper. ladle 114 cups soup into 8 bowls with 14 cup pasta in each and top with extra parmesan cheese if desired., stove top directions, puree beans with 1 cup of the broth in a blender. heat oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, about 15 minutes., add the remaining broth, tomatoes, pureed beans, parmesan cheese rind, salt and pepper. add the rosemary, bay leaves, basil and parsley, cover and cook on low 40 minutes. add the zucchini and spinach, cover and simmer until the zucchini is tender, about 8 to 10 minutes., remove the bay leaves, rosemary sprig, parmesan rind and season to taste with salt and black pepper. ladle 114 cups soup into 8 bowls with 14 cup pasta in each and top with extra parmesan cheese if desired., instant pot directions, puree beans with 1 cup of the broth in a blender. press saute in the instant pot and heat oil. add the carrots, celery, onion, garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, about 10 minutes., add the remaining broth, tomatoes, pureed beans, parmesan cheese rind, salt and pepper. add the rosemary, basil and parsley, cover and cook high pressure 20 minutes., quick release, add the pasta, zucchini and spinach and cook high pressure 4 minutes. quick release so the pasta doesnt overcook., remove the bay leaves, rosemary sprig, parmesan rind and season to taste with salt and black pepper. ladle 112 cups soup into 8 bowls and top with extra parmesan cheese if desired.preheat oven to 450 degrees. season the pork chops with montreal seasoning or any seasoned salt you like., to julienne the zucchini and yellow squash use a mandolin fitted with a julienne blade, or slice the zucchini into 18inch thick slices. cut the slices lengthwise into 18inch thick strips. or you can use a spiralizer, toss the tomatoes with 12 tbsp of the olive oil, 18 tsp salt, pepper, and oregano. place tomatoes, cut side up, on a baking sheet lightly sprayed with cooking spray roast for 10 minutes., add sliced garlic and roast for another 5 minutes this will prevent the garlic from burning., transfer to a large work bowl and set aside., reduce oven to 200f., heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, add remaining 12 tablespoon of olive oil and zucchini with 18 tsp salt and saute until tender, about 5 minutes., add to bowl with tomatoes and place in the warm oven., working in two batches, spray the skillet with cooking spray and cook half of the the pork chops on mediumhigh heat for about 1 12 to 2 minutes on each side. the pork chops are thin so you dont want to over cook them or they will be tough. set aside on a platter., remove the vegetables from the oven toss with kalamata olives, juice of lemon and lemon rind., serve the vegetables over the pork chops and top with feta cheese.season drumsticks with garlic salt and ground ginger., place in a large ziplock bag or container and add the soy sauce, vinegar and 1 teaspoon sriracha and marinate overnight the longer the better., preheat the grill., in a small bowl, mix the chili sauce, honey and sriracha set aside., grill the drumsticks on a rack lightly coating with cooking spray over medium heat, turning every 5 minutes or so until the chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes., brush the chili sauce mixture over the drumsticks on all sides and remove from the grill. finish with chopped chives if desired and enjoy.combine chicken broth, onion, garlic and zucchini in a large pot over medium heat and bring to a boil., lower heat, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes., remove from heat and puree with an immersion blender, add the sour cream and puree again until smooth., taste for salt and pepper and adjust to taste. serve hot.place chicken, 1 onion, tomato, carrot, and 2 cloves of garlic into the slow cooker. add just enough water to cover, add bay leaves and salt and cook high for 4 hours until the chicken is tender. when done, remove chicken and shred with two forks set aside. reserve the broth., in a large deep skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. add the remaining garlic, onions, green peppers, and red peppers. cook about 3 to 4 minutes, or until soft. stir in the cooked chicken, tomato sauce, white wine, and about 34 cup of the reserved broth to create a sauce. season with cumin, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. cover and simmer on low for about 8 to 10 minutes, adding more broth and seasoning if needed. makes 4 cups.combine garlic powder, paprika, chili powder and black pepper in a medium bowl., season chicken with spices and toss to evenly coat the chicken., heat half of the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat, when hot add half of the chicken and cook until golden, about 34 minutes, turn chicken and cook until center is no longer pink., set aside repeat with remaining oil and chicken., pour the hot sauce over the chicken tossing well., serve with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing if desired.stove top in a large pot, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. add the celery, onion, carrot and garlic, cover and reduce heat to low and cook for approximately 810 minutes until vegetables begin to soften., add the chicken broth, water, mushrooms, cheese rind and increase heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil. when broth boils, add salt to taste and black pepper stir to combine. reduce heat to low, simmer until mushrooms are soft, about 20 minutes. add tortellini and cook according to package directions for al dente., once cooked, remove the rind, stir to combine and garnish with freshly grated parmigiano reggiano if desired. makes 12 cups., press saute and melt the butter over mediumlow heat. add the celery, onion, carrot and garlic and cook until vegetables begin to soften, 5 minutes., add the chicken broth, water, mushrooms and cheese rind, cook covered high pressure 10 minutes, then quick release, add the tortellini and press saute. boil and cook according to package directions., once the tortellini is cooked, remove the rind, stir to combine and garnish with freshly grated parmigiano reggiano if desired. makes 12 cups.oven directions, preheat oven to 350f. spray a large baking sheet with spray., heat the oil a medium skillet. add onions, garlic and scallions and saute about 1 minute, until fragrant., add spinach, parsley, dill, 14 tsp kosher salt and pepper and cook another minute or until heated through., remove from heat and mix in the feta and ricotta cheese., season chicken lightly with more kosher salt and pepper to taste., place about 14 cup of spinach mixture in the center of the chicken and roll, then lay the chicken seam side down on a platter or piece of wax paper. repeat with the remaining chicken., whisk the egg and water together in a small bowl with a pinch of salt. place the breadcrumbs in another bowl., dip the chicken rolls into the egg mixture, then into the breadcrumbs and place seam side down on the baking sheet., repeat with the remainder then lightly spray to top of the chicken with cooking spray., bake about 25 minutes or until cooked through., air fryer directions, follow steps above 1 through 9., preheat the air fryer to 400f. spray both sides of the chicken with oil. cook, in two batches 12 minutes turning halfway.season the pork with salt, garlic powder and red pepper flakes and place it into the slow, cooker., mix together the broth, vinegar and worcestershire sauce and pour it over the pork,, then pour the honey over and set the timer for 4 hours on high or 68, hours on low., once the pork is cooked and tender it should shred easily with a fork,, remove from slow cooker with tongs into a serving dish., break apart lightly with two forks and put back into the slow cooker., ladle 12 cup sauce over the pork and keep warm until ready to eat.create a slurry by combining 12 cup of the cold water with flour in a medium bowl and whisk until well blended. set aside., pour remaining water and milk into a large pot and slowly bring to a boil., add celery, onion, mushrooms, chicken bullion, thyme, fresh pepper, frozen vegetables and return to a boil., partially cover and simmer on low until vegetables are soft, about 20 minutes., remove lid, add potatoes and cook until soft, about 5 minutes., add chicken, and slowly whisk in slurry, stirring well as you add., cook another 23 minutes, until soup thickens, adjust salt and pepper to taste and serve.in a large pot combine lentils, chicken, water and chicken bullion., bring to a boil, covered over mediumlow heat until chicken is cooked, about 20 minutes., remove the chicken and shred, return to the pot, meanwhile, in a chopper or by hand, mince the onions, scallions, cilantro, garlic, and tomato., add to the lentils with garlic powder, cumin, oregano and annato and cook, covered until the lentils are soft, about 25 more minutes, adding more water as needed if too thick., adjust salt to taste as needed.preheat oven to 375f., spray a 9x9inch baking pan with oil spray. bring a large pot of salted water to a boil., meanwhile, in a medium saucepan over medium heat add chopped bacon and saute until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. add chopped shallot and cook 1 minute., add pumpkin, chicken broth, rosemary and 3 tbsp pecorino romano, stir and add salt and pepper to taste simmer about 8  10 minutes., meanwhile, cook pasta according to package instructions for al dente. drain and add the pasta to the pumpkin sauce and mix well., transfer to the baking dish and spread evenly. top with the remaining shredded pecorino romano and mozzarella., cover and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until mozzarella is melted and the edges are lightly browned., let it cool 5 minutes, then divide into 4 equal portions.cook noodles in salted water until al dente, or slightly undercooked by 2 minutes. set aside., melt the butter in a large deep skillet. add onions and cook on medium heat until soft, about 5 minutes., add the flour and a pinch of salt and stir well, cooking an additional 23 minutes on mediumlow heat, preheat oven to 375. lightly spray 9 x 12 casserole with butter flavored cooking spray., slowly whisk in the chicken broth until well combined, increasing heat to medium and whisking well for 30 seconds, then add the milk and bring to a boil., when boiling, add sherry, mushrooms and petite peas, adjust salt and pepper to taste and simmer on medium, mixing occasionally until it thickens about 7 to 9 minutes., add drained tuna, stirring another minute., remove from heat and add 1 cup reduced fat sharp cheddar and mix well until it melts. add the noodles to the sauce and mix well until evenly coated., pour into casserole and top with parmesan cheese and breadcrumbs. spray a little more cooking spray and top and bake for about 25 minutes., place under the broiler a few minutes to get the crumbs crisp careful not to burn.season the chicken with adobo or salt, then place in the crock pot and top with salsa, garlic powder and 12 tsp cumin., cover and cook low for 4 hours. when cooked, remove the chicken and set on a large plate shred with two forks. pour the liquid into a bowl and reserve, then place the shredded chicken back into the crock pot, adjust salt to taste and add remaining 14 tsp cumin., pour 34 cup of the reserved liquid back into the crock pot and cover until ready to serve., makes about 2 34 cups chicken.preheat oven to 375., season chicken with salt, pepper, garlic powder, oregano, and lemon juice., place in a roasting pan and bake for about 40 to 45 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink in the center near the bone., when chicken is cooked through, remove from the oven and sprinkle with feta., broil on low for about 23 minutes, until cheese is golden brown careful not to burn.place the chicken in the slow cooker and season with taco seasoning and cumin., pour the beans over the chicken and top with salsa. cover and cook on low for 4 hours, or until the chicken is tender and easily shreds with 2 forks., shred the chicken and combine with the beans and sauce, keep warm until ready to eat. makes 3 12 cups., to make the salad, place 1 12 cups lettuce on each plate, top with 34 cup chicken and bean mixture, 1 tbsp cheese and 2 tablespoons zesty avocado buttermilk dressing.melt butter in a large pot on medium heat, add onion and saute until soft but not browned, about 34 minutes., add flour and saute another minute., add chicken broth, water, carrots, garlic, celery, brown rice and chicken thighs, cover and simmer 20 minutes., add wild rice mix along with its seasoning packet, long grain rice and mushrooms and simmer on low, covered 25 minutes, stirring occasionally., remove chicken from pot and shred with two forks, return to pot, add sour cream and more water if too thick, adjust salt and pepper to taste if needed and serve.heat a large skillet over medium heat, then add the oil, celery, carrots and onions cook 5 to 6 minutes, or until golden., add to slow cooker., pour the juice of the tomatoes into the slow cooker, then roughly crush the tomatoes with your hands add to slow cooker., then add chicken or vegetable broth, the cheese rind if using thyme, basil, and bay leaf., cover and cook on low for 6 hours, until the vegetables get soft and the flavors blend., remove the cheese rid and, using an immersion blender, blend the soup until smooth or you can carefully do this in small batches in the blender., melt the butter over low heat in a large skillet and add the flour., stir constantly with a whisk for 4 to 5 minutes., slowly whisk in about 1 cup of the hot soup, then add the 1 34 cups of warmed milk and stir until smooth., pour back into the slow cooker and stir, add the grated pecorino cheese and adjust salt and pepper, to taste., cover and cook on low 30 more minutes.heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the turkey, season with salt and cook, breaking up with a spoon until turkey browns and is no longer pink place into the slow cooker., add the oil to the skillet and saute the onion, garlic and bell pepper over medium heat for about 4 to 5 minutes., spoon over turkey into the slow cooker and stir in corn and tomatoes, tomato sauce, cumin, chili powder, paprika and salt, mix until well blended., pour chicken broth into the crock pot and add the bay leaf., cover and cook on high 4 hours or low 6 hours., serve with desired toppings.season chicken with salt and pepper and place in a large nonreactive bowl with remaining ingredients, toss well to coat and refrigerate at least 1 hour., in a medium bowl, combine the red onion, lime juice, olive oil and season with salt, to taste., mix well then combine with the remaining ingredients refrigerate until ready to serve., heat the grill or a grill pan to medium high, discard the chicken marinade and grill the chicken breasts about 3 minutes on each side, or until the center is cooked through., transfer to a cutting board and slice the chicken on the bias., serve the sliced chicken topped with mango black bean salsa.preheat the oven to 400f., bring a large pot of water to a boil., hollow out the flesh of the eggplant to create a boat using a melon baller or small knife, leaving a 12inch of the skin all around to create a shell. roughly chop the scooped out eggplant flesh., drop the eggplant into the boiling water and cook 3 minutes poking it with a spoon so they stay submerged. remove with a slotted spoon and set them on paper towels on the counter., meanwhile, brown the sausage in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, breaking the meat up while it cooks into smaller pieces. add the onions and garlic and cook on a mediumlow heat for about 23 minutes, until onions are translucent. add 1 cup chopped eggplant and cook about 23 minutes. add 1 cup crushed tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook 2 to 3 minutes. remove from heat and stir in fresh basil., pour 13 cup of crushed tomatoes on the bottom of a 9 x 12 baking dish and place the eggplant boats on top. season the eggplant with salt and divide the sausage and sauce evenly among the 4 eggplant boats., top each with 2 tablespoons of shredded mozzarella cheese and 1 teaspoon each of pecorino romano cheese. cover with foil and bake 30 minutes until cheese is melted and eggplant is cooked through.in a large saucepan, heat broth over mediumhigh heat., when it boils, reduce heat to a simmer and maintain over low heat, taste for salt and adjust as needed., in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat, heat the oil and add the shallots saute 34 minutes., add the rice mix well so the rice is coated throughout and saute until the rice is slightly translucent, about 23 minutes., add the wine and stir until it is absorbed., add a ladleful of the simmering stock stir and wait until it is absorbed before adding another ladleful stirring gently and almost constantly., continue this process until the rice is creamy, tender to the bite, but slightly firm in the center., add the asparagus along with the last ladle of broth and continue cooking 5 minutes, total time should be about 2530 minutes from the time you started., when all the liquid is absorbed, remove from heat and stir in the lemon juice, parsley and parmigianoreggiano., serve immediately and top with fresh cracked pepper, lemon zest, and extra grated cheese if desired.combine soy sauce, lime juice, water and cornstarch in a small bowl, mix together and set aside., season chicken lightly with salt. heat a large wok over high heat., when the wok is very hot, add half of the oil, then add the chicken. stir fry, stirring occasionally until the chicken is cooked through and browned, about 34 minutes., with a slotted spoon, remove the chicken and set aside. reduce heat to medium., add the remaining oil to the wok add the garlic and ginger, stir for 20 seconds. add the sugar snap peas and carrots, stirring over medium high heat until tender crisp, about 34 minutes., return the chicken to the wok, add the soy saucelime mixture, mix well and cook another 30 seconds to one minute., serve immediately and top with fresh scallions.,  preheat oven to 450f. spray a large nonstick baking sheet with cooking spray., wash and dry the chicken cutlets lightly pound the chicken to make thinner and lightly season with salt and black pepper., lay the chicken on a working surface and place a slice of ham on top of the chicken, then the cheese and roll, setting them aside seam side down., in a medium bowl, whisk eggs and egg whites along with water to make an egg wash., in another medium bowl, combine breadcrumbs and parmesan cheese., dip the chicken into the egg wash, then into the breadcrumbs., place chicken onto the baking sheet seem side down. spray the top of the chicken with more cooking spray and bake about 25 minutes, or until until cooked., follow steps above 1 through 6., preheat the air fryer to 400f. spray both sides of the chicken with oil. cook, in two batches 12 minutes turning halfway.place cold water and flour in a blender and blend until smooth pour into a medium pot and set heat to medium., add celery, mushrooms, chicken bouillon and butter and bring to a boil., add chicken, cover and simmer on low 15 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through., remove chicken and set aside continue to cook the remaining soup an additional 5 minutes, until vegetables are soft., place celery and 1 cup of soup into the blender blend until smooth, then return to the pot and simmer a few minutes., shred or cut the chicken into small pieces and add back to the soup, garnish with fresh parsley.in a large heavy pot, melt better over mediumlow heat., add leeks and cook, stirring occasionally, until the leeks are soft, about 8 to 10 minutes., add garlic and cook 1 minute, or until fragrant., chop the asparagus into 2inch pieces., add to the pot with the leeks., add the broth and bring to a boil., cover and cook about 2025 minutes or until asparagus is very tender., remove from heat and puree until smooth with a blender., adjust salt and pepper, to taste., to serve, divide in 5 bowls and spoon in 1 teaspoon creme fraiche and chives for garnish.mix the orange sauce ingredients and set aside., season the chicken lightly with salt and coat evenly with corn starch, set aside., heat a wok on high heat, add 1 teaspoon of sesame oil and add half of the chicken. cook 2 to 3 minutes on each side until well browned, set aside., add 1 teaspoon of oil and chicken and repeat cooking 2 to 3 minutes on each side. set aside with the rest of the chicken., add remaining teaspoon of oil and quickly stirfry the minced garlic and ginger until fragrant, about 1 minute., add the orange zest then return the chicken to the pan., quickly stir the chicken then add the orange sauce and cook until the sauce thickens,about 1 to 2 minutes., divide between 4 plates and garnish with the scallion and sesame seeds.preheat oven to 375f., cut chicken in half to make 4 pieces, leaving the bone on., heat oil in a large, oven safe saute pan with straight sides over mediumhigh heat., season the chicken with salt and pepper and brown 23 minutes per side., remove chicken and set aside., lower heat to medium and add onion, chicken sausage, cauliflower florets, garlic and cherry peppers., saute, stirring frequently, for 23 minutes until vegetables and sausage start to brown., add the white wine, cherry peppers and additional optional liquid., raise heat and allow to boil for about 2 minutes before adding chicken stock., add chicken breasts back into pan, bone side down, sprinkle rosemary on top, bring to a boil and then place the pan in the oven, uncovered., cook for 2025 minutes or until chicken reaches 165f., remove from oven carefully, with towel or kitchen gloves, serve and enjoyin a medium nonstick saucepan, melt the butter over low heat., add the onions and saute until soft, about 3 minutes., add the flour and stir about 1 to 2 minutes., add the chicken broth and cauliflower and increase heat to mediumhigh., bring to a boil, then cover and simmer over mediumlow until vegetables are tender about 20 minutes., add the watercress until wilted, about 1 minute and puree with an immersion blender until smooth., season with salt and pepper to taste.combine the ground turkey, breadcrumbs, egg, parsley, garlic, salt and parmesan cheese., using your clean hands, gently mix all the ingredients well until everything is combined., form small meatballs, about 1 tbsp each, youll get about 20 to 22., in a large nonstick pot or dutch oven, melt the butter over mediumlow heat., when melted, add the celery, onion, carrot  garlic., cover and reduce heat to low and cook for approximately 810 minutes until vegetables begin to soften., add the chicken broth and parmesan rind and increase heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil., when broth boils, season with black pepper to taste., reduce heat to medium and gently drop in the meatballs., cook about 4 minutes., add the tortellini and simmer until cooked according to package directions, about 7 minutes., once cooked, remove the rind, and add the baby spinach., stir to combine and serve topped with fresh grated parmigiano reggiano.cook brown rice according to package directions in water along with a chicken bouillon, 1 bay leaf and 14 tsp salt and 18 each of salt, cayenne, paprika and thyme., when the rice is almost done cooking, heat a large heavy saucepan on mediumlow heat., add the oil, onions, green pepper, celery, bay leaf and garlic. saute on mediumlow heat until soft, about 5 minutes., add beef, salt, black pepper, remaining paprika, thyme and cayenne pepper., saute until browned, about 1015 minutes add shrimp, cover and cook 5 more minutes., when the rice is done, toss with beef and shrimp and combine well. top with scallions and serve.heat a medium heavy pot or dutch oven on medium heat., add oil and saute scallions and garlic for 1 minute., add the corn, potatoes, milk, bouillon, and 1 tablespoon of cilantro in a large pot and bring to a boil., reduce heat to mediumlow, cover and simmer for approximately 30 to 35 minutes or until the corn is tender, stirring occasionally., remove from heat and reserve 6 tablespoons of the corn kernels for topping., add sour cream to the soup and puree in the blender in two batches, careful not to burn yourself return to the pot., adjust salt and pepper, to taste and heat over low heat 23 minutes, stirring occasionally., pour into 6 bowls and garnish each bowl with 1 tablespoon each of corn kernels and cheese., top with fresh cilantro.in a food processor pulse basil, garlic, parmesan cheese, salt and pepper until smooth. slowly add the olive oil while pulsing., combine the raw chicken with pesto and marinate a few hours in a bowl., soak wooden skewers in water at least 30 minutes or use metal ones to avoid this step., beginning and ending with chicken, thread chicken and tomatoes onto 8 pairs of parallel skewers to make 8 kebabs total., heat the outdoor grill or indoor grill pan over medium heat until hot. be sure the grates are clean and spray lightly with oil., place the chicken on the hot grill and cook about 34 minutes turn and continue cooking until chicken is cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes.bring mirin, low sodium soy sauce, honey and crushed garlic to a boil in a mediumsized sauce pan, and cook over medium heat for about 5 minutes., set aside to cool., cut the chicken into 1inch pieces and place in a ziplock bag pour half of the marinade over the chicken., place the zucchini in a second large ziplock bag and pour the remaining marinade over the zucchini., refrigerate for at least 30 minutes., meanwhile, soak the skewers in water 30 minutes so they dont burn., thread the chicken onto skewers, alternating with green onion so that each stick has 3 cubes of chicken and two pieced of green onion, discarding the chicken marinade., thread the zucchini onto skewers, alternating with remaining green onion, reserving the marinade for basting., preheat the grill or a grill pan over mediumhigh heat., when hot, spray with oil then reduced heat to medium grill the zucchini and chicken skewers about 5 to 6 minutes on each side brushing both sides of the skewers with the yakitori sauce during the last few minutes of cooking time.,  boil sweet potatoes and garlic in a pot of salted water until cooked and soft., drain and mash with chicken broth, sour cream, salt and pepper., preheat oven to 400f., in a large saute pan brown turkey season with salt and pepper., when cooked, set aside on a plate., add olive oil to the pan, then add the onion and saute one minute., add the celery, parsnip, salt and pepper to taste cook about 12 minutes, until celery is soft., add garlic and mushrooms saute another 34 minutes., add flour, salt and pepper and mix well., add frozen vegetables, chicken broth, tomato paste, worcestershire sauce, rosemary, cooked turkey, and mix well., simmer on low about 510 minutes., in 6 oven safe individual dishes spread 1 cup of the meat mixture on the bottom of each dish., top each with 12 cup mashed sweet potatoes., use a fork to scrape the top of the potatoes to make ridges sprinkle with paprika., bake 20 minutes or until potatoes turn golden., remove from oven and let it cool 10 minutes before serving.cook rinsed quinoa in broth according to package directions., while the quinoa is cooking, in a large heavy saute pan add olive oil to the pan, then the onion, saute one minute., add the fennel, celery, and carrots, salt and pepper to taste cook about 1215 minutes over medium heat, until vegetables are soft., add the mushrooms to the pan, more salt and pepper if needed and cook, stirring 5 minutes, then cook covered for 2 minutes, or until the mushrooms have released their juice and are cooked through., add the cooked quinoa to the pan and mix well.heat the oven to 400f., using a heavy, sharp knife, cut the pumpkins in half. scoop out seeds and place on a baking sheet bake for 1  112 hours., when the pumpkin is cooked and cool enough to handle, use a spoon to scoop out the flesh. this should make about 5 cups., add butter to a large pot or dutch oven, on medium heat add shallots and saute until tender, about 4 minutes., add garlic and cook an additional minute., add pumpkin and broth to the pot, along with sage, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. simmer, covered for about 15 minutes., blend in a blender or immersion blender and blend the soup until smooth., optional garnish with light sour cream and sage.cut pork into 2inch pieces. season with salt and pepper., heat a large nonstick skillet on high heat when hot lightly spray the pan with oil and brown the pork over medium heat on all sides, about 3  4 minutes total., sprinkle 1 tbsp of flour over pork and stir to cook 30 seconds, sprinkle remaining flour over pork and cook an additional 30 seconds., add browned pork to the crock pot, along with the remaining ingredients., cook on low for 6 to 8 hours or high for 4 hours., when done, adjust salt and pepper to taste if needed.in a large skillet brown the turkey and season with salt., when the turkey is browned, add onion, garlic, black beans, cilantro, serrano pepper, diced tomatoes, and cumin. mix well and simmer on low, covered for 20 minutes., remove lid, add corn and simmer an additional 5 minutes or until all the liquid reduces., preheat oven to 350., cut peppers in half lengthwise, removing seeds and stem., place peppers, cut side up in an ovenproof dish. fill each pepper with 12 cup turkey mixture. pour about 13 cup water or chicken broth on the bottom of the dish., cover tight with foil. bake 4550 minutes, or until the peppers become soft., remove foil, top each with 1 12 tbsp of cheese and bake uncovered an additional 5 minutes., top with scallions and serve with reducedfat sour cream if desired optional.in a crock pot, combine chicken, onions, celery stalk, garlic and broth enough to cover your chicken, use water if the can of broth isnt enough., cover and cook on high 4 hours or low 6 hours., remove the chicken from pot, reserve 12 cup broth and discard the rest or save for other recipes., shred the chicken with two forks, return to the slow cooker with the 12 cup of the broth and the hot sauce., cook on high for an additional 30 minutes. makes 1 12 cups chicken, meanwhile, pierce potato with a fork a few times all around., place in microwave and cook on high about 5 minutes per potato set aside to cool., cut potatoes in half horizontally., scoop out potatoes i save the extra potato to make skinny garlic mashed potatoes the next day leaving about 14 inch thick wall, skins will weigh about 1 oz each., heat oven to 450., lightly spray potato skins on both sides with oil and place a foil lined baking sheet., season with salt and pepper and bake 10 minutes., remove from the oven, add 2 tablespoons of chicken meat filling into each potato skin, top with 1 tbsp shredded cheese and bake 5 minutes or until cheese is melted., top each with 1 tsp blue cheese dressing, shredded carrots and celery and start eatingplace cold water and flour in a blender and blend until smooth pour into a medium pot and set heat to medium., add celery, mushrooms, chicken bullion and butter and bring to a boil., cover and simmer until vegetables are soft, about 20 minutes., remove celery and a cup of soup and place in a blender, blend until smooth, then return it to the pot and simmer a few minutes.season chicken with pinch of salt, garlic powder, oregano, 18 tsp of the chili powder and 18th tsp cumin., add the beans and tomatoes to the crock pot and season with the remaining chili powder and cumin., place chicken in the crock pot and cover. cook on high 2 hours., meanwhile, combine shredded cabbage with vinegar add more to taste, season with salt to taste set aside., remove chicken from the crock pot and shred with two forks., drain beans and transfer to a platter, or back to the crock pot to keep warm. top with shredded chicken, scallions and cilantro., to serve, warm the taco shells according to package directions., fill with equal amounts of bean and chicken mixture. top with cabbage and your favorite toppings.place beans, 3 cloves of the garlic, water and a few sage leaves in the crock pot cover and set to high 4 hours, or until beans are soft. dont add salt., meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400., place remaining garlic cloves in the center of a 7x7 inch square of aluminum foil photo above is showing half of the cloves, use the whole thing., cover garlic with olive oil and a little salt., seal aluminum tightly and place in the oven 2530 minutes, until garlic is soft and golden., remove from oven and set aside until the beans are done., when the beans are soft, add the bouillon and mix well until dissolved, then carefully transfer some of the beans and liquid along with the roasted garlic to the blender., blend until smooth and pour it back into the crock pot., repeat with the remaining beans until you get the texture you desire., you can also use an immersion blender if you have one., taste for salt and adjust as needed., serve with fresh sage and white pepper on top and if you wish, some whole roasted garlic cloves on top. i reserved a fewcombine chicken broth, beans drained, corn, tomatoes, cilantro, scallions, garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, cayenne pepper and salt in the crock pot., season chicken breast with salt and lay on top., cook on low for 8  10 hours or on high for 4 to 6 hours., thirty minutes before serving, remove chicken and shred., return chicken to slow cooker and stir in. adjust salt and seasoning to taste., serve over rice or tortillas and with your favorite toppings., cook high pressure 25 minutes, quick or natural release.,  boil a large pot of water, when boiling add green beans and blanch for 2 minutes or 68 minutes if you like them softer. drain in a colander and rinse under cold water to stop them from cooking., meanwhile make the topping, heat a mediumsized skillet over medium heat. add the shallots and saute about 35 minutes, stirring occasionally until golden brown., reduce heat to mediumlow, add breadcrumbs, grated cheese and thyme saute until golden brown, about 56 minutes, stirring frequently, careful not to burn., preheat the oven to 375. lightly spray a 13 x 9 inch baking dish., heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. add shallots and saute 1 to 2 minutes. add mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and saute 68 minutes, stirring occasionally., sprinkle flour over the mushrooms, stir constantly for about a minute, then slowly add chicken stock, then milk., bring to a low boil, and cook stirring occasionally until thickened, about 3 minutes. stir in romano cheese., add blanched green beens and mix well, season with salt and pepper as needed pour into prepared baking dish., top with toasted bread crumbs and bake about 30 minutes.preheat the oven to 375. spray a 9 x13inch baking dish with olive oil spray., bring a large pot of salted water to a boil., in a medium bowl, combine the ricotta, 6 tablespoons of the pecorino romano cheese and half of the mozzarella cheese., meanwhile, in a large deep skillet, brown the sausage breaking up into small bits until cooked through set aside., add the oil to the skillet and saute garlic about a minute, careful not to burn. add spinach and season with a little salt and pepper and cook another minute., return the sausage to the skillet and add the marinara sauce cook on low about 23 minutes., when the pasta water comes to a boil, cook pasta according to instructions for al dente, but undercook them by 4 minutes less drain and return to pot., put half of the cooked pasta into the prepared baking dish and top with half of the meat sauce. spoon the ricotta mixture on top of the sauce in an even layer. cover with the remaining pasta and the remaining sauce. top with the remaining mozzarella and pecorino romano cheese., cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes., remove foil and bake for an additional 67 minutes or until the mozzarella is melted and the edges are lightly browned.stove directions, heat a large pot over medhigh heat and add the chicken broth, bring it to a boil, covered., meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine ground turkey, breadcrumbs, egg, parsley, onion, garlic, salt and cheese. using your clean hands, gently mix all the ingredients well until everything is combined., form small meatballs, about 1 tbsp each, youll get about 40., when the broth comes to a boil, drop the meatballs in, add the orzo and chopped escarole., add fresh pepper, adjust salt as needed and cook according to pasta directions, about 10 minutes or until orzo and meatballs are cooked., instant pot directions, pour the chicken broth in the pot, cover and cook high pressure 1 minute to bring it to a boil. quick or natural release., meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine ground turkey, breadcrumbs, egg, parsley, onion, garlic, salt and cheese. using your clean hands, gently mix all the ingredients well until everything is combined., form small meatballs, about 1 tbsp each, youll get about 40., when the broth comes to a boil, drop the meatballs in, add the orzo and chopped escarole. add fresh pepper, adjust salt as needed, cover and cook high pressure about 5 minutes, quick release.,  preheat oven to 450f. spray a large baking sheet lightly with spray., combine breadcrumbs and parmesan cheese in a bowl. melt the butter in another bowl. lightly brush the butter onto the chicken, then dip into breadcrumb mixture. place on baking sheet and repeat with the remaining chicken., lightly spray a little more oil on top and bake in the oven for 25 minutes., remove from oven, spoon 1 tbsp sauce over each piece of chicken and top each with 1 12 tbsp of shredded mozzarella cheese., bake 5 more minutes or until cheese is melted.for the enchilada sauce, in a medium saucepan, spray oil and saute garlic., add chipotle chiles, chili powder, cumin, chicken broth, tomato sauce, salt and pepper., bring to a boil., reduce the heat to low and simmer for 510 minutes., set aside until ready to use., meanwhile for the zucchini boats, bring a large pot of water to boil., preheat oven to 400f., cut zucchini in half lengthwise and using a small spoon or melon baller, scoop out flesh, leaving 14 thick., chop the scooped out flesh of the zucchini in small pieces and set aside., drop the zucchini halves in boiling water and cook 1 minute remove from water., in a large saute pan, heat oil and add onion, garlic and bell pepper., cook on mediumlow heat for about 23 minutes, until onions are translucent., add chopped zucchini and cilantro season with salt and pepper and cook about 4 minutes., add the cumin, oregano, chili powder, water, and tomato paste and cook a few more minutes, then add in chicken mix and cook 3 more minutes., place 14 cup of the enchilada sauce on the bottom of a large or 2 small baking dish, and place zucchini halves cut side up., using a spoon, fill each hollowed zucchini with 13 cup chicken mixture, pressing firmly., top each with 2 tablespoons of enchilada sauce, and 1 12 tablespoons each of shredded cheese., cover with foil and bake 35 minutes until cheese is melted and zucchini is cooked through., top with scallions and cilantro for garnish and serve with low fat sour cream if desired.wash and dry the chicken cutlets well with paper towels., combine breadcrumbs in one bowl and in a second bowl mix the olive oil, lemon juice, and pepper., preheat the oven to 450f., lightly spray a baking dish with nonstick spray., place each cutlet on a work surface such as a cutting board and lay 12 slice prosciutto, 12 slice cheese, 1 slice of roasted pepper and 3 spinach leaves on one side of the chicken cutlet., roll and place seam side down on a dish no toothpicks needed., repeat with the remaining chicken., bake 25 to 30 minutes., cook in the air fryer in batches at 400f for 12 minutes, turning half way through.marinate the chicken with lime juice, and season with chile powder, salt, pepper, garlic powder and cumin., season vegetables with salt and pepper and toss with olive oil., to grill the onions and peppers outside on the grill, use a cast iron skillet and grill covered over medium heat until tender, about 15 minutes. or, to cook them indoors, you can use a large skillet on the stove over medium heat for 16 to 18 minutes, covered until the onions and peppers are soft., heat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan over medium heat grill chicken until cooked through, about 8 minutes on each side., transfer to a cutting board when done and cut into strips. once cooked, combine with the peppers and onions., serve immediately with warmed tortillas, cheese and toppings.slow cooker, season chicken with garlic powder, oregano, cumin and salt and place in the bottom of the slow cooker., cover with salsa verde, cover and cook high 2 hours., remove chicken, shred with 2 forks., remove 23 cup of liquid from the slow cooker, and discard unless you want it over rice., place shredded chicken back into the crock pot with remaining salsa, adjust seasoning to taste if needed and keep warm., instant pot, season chicken with garlic powder, oregano, cumin and salt and place in the bottom of the instant pot., cover with salsa verde, cover and cook high pressure 20 minutes. quick or natural release., remove chicken, shred with 2 forks.combine the shredded cabbage with lime juice, cilantro and salt, to taste. set aside., preheat the oven to 350f., place tostada shells on a baking sheet. when the oven is hot, layer 13 cup of chicken, 2 tbsp shredded cheese and jalapenos over each tostada shell., bake until the cheese is melted and the shells are crisp, about 4 minutes., top with shredded cabbage and enjoyseason the chicken with salt and pepper., place the flour in a bowl, and the beaten egg whites in another bowl., heat a very large non stick pan over medium heat. when hot spray with cooking spray to lightly coat the bottom of the pan., lightly flour chicken, then dip in eggs and add to the hot pan a few at a time. saute chicken 23 minutes on each side., when cooked, transfer onto a plate., spray the pan again and repeat until all chicken has been cooked., once all chicken is cooked, place the chicken broth in the bowl with 1 tablespoon of flour and whisk., add to the pan along with the juice of the lemon, white wine, lemon slices, parsley and butter and simmer over medium heat for about 2 minutes so it reduces slightly and thickens. turn off heat., return chicken to the pan to combine with the sauce., serve immediately., discarded 1 tbsp flour so only calculated with 3 tbsp.slow cooker method, in a slow cooker, combine chicken, onions, celery stalk, garlic and broth enough to cover your chicken, use water if the can of broth isnt enough., cover and cook on high 4 hours., remove the chicken from pot, reserve 12 cup broth and discard the rest., shred the chicken with two forks, return to the slow cooker with the 12 cup broth and the hot sauce and set to on high for an additional 30 minutes. makes 3 cups chicken., to prepare lettuce cups, place 12 cup buffalo chicken in each leaf, top with 14 cup shredded carrots, celery and dressing of your choice. wrap up and start eating, instant pot method, combine chicken, onions, celery stalk, garlic and broth enough to cover your chicken, use water if the can of broth isnt enough in the instant pot. cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes. natural release., remove the chicken from pot, reserve 12 cup broth and discard the rest. shred the chicken with two forks, return to the pot with the 12 cup broth and the hot sauce and saute 2 to 3 minutes. makes 3 cups chicken., to prepare lettuce cups, place 12 cup buffalo chicken in each leaf, top with 14 cup shredded carrots, celery and dressing of your choice. wrap up and start eatingplace oil and potatoes in a large, deep nonstick skillet with a tight fitting lid on high heat season with garlic powder, salt and pepper., when the skillet gets hot and starts to sizzle, reduce heat to low and cook with a tight lid on for about 2025 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally to prevent the potatoes from burning., remove from heat and let them sit 5 minutes without removing the lid, then set the potatoes aside on a dish., add the sausage to the skillet and saute on mediumlow and cook, stirring occasionally until browned but not quite cooked through, about 10 minutes., season chopped vegetables with salt and pepper. add onions, peppers, garlic and rosemary to the skillet and mix., continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until onions and peppers become slightly browned., add zucchini and cook an additional 5 minutes, mixing as it cooks until cooked through., return the potatoes back to the skillet and mix well. adjust salt and pepper as needed cover and cook 5 more minutes., makes about 7 12 cups.preheat the oven to 400f., lightly spray a baking dish with oil., mix cheddar, laughing cow cheese, celery, green onion, carrot, salt and pepper in a dish., lay out the chicken cutlets, placing even amount of mixture in the middle and spread in the center., in one bowl make a breading station out of crushed ritz crumbs., in another bowl combine mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon of hot sauce, and lemon juice as a dredging mixture., roll chicken breasts in the mayonnaise mixture, then into cracker crumbs, and put on a lightly greased pan, seam side down., lightly spray top of chicken with cooking spray., bake 30 minutes., while the chicken cooks, melt butter and mix with the remaining hot sauce and garlic powder., drizzle buffalo sauce over finished chicken breast and serve.,  place onion, bell pepper, garlic, and cilantro in a chopper or food processor to chop fine., in a large heavy pot with a good fitting lid such as a dutch oven heat 1 tsp of oil over medium heat., season chicken pieces with salt and saute until browned, about 57 minutes., remove chicken and set aside., heat remaining oil in skillet, then add onions, peppers, garlic and cilantro., saute, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes., add water, beer, tomato sauce, chicken bouillon, sazon, chicken and salt., cook 1012 minutes on medium heat., add frozen mixed vegetables, alcaparrado or pimientos with a little of the brine liquid from the olive jar, and rice., stir and bring to a boil., reduce heat to medium low and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally until water boils down and barely skims the top., once the water level reaches the top of the rice, cover with a tight fitting lid so no steam escapes and cook 2530 minutes. tip if your lid doesnt have a good tight fit, place a paper towel over the pot then cover as pictured below, shut heat off and let the pot sit wit the cover on an additional 10 minutes., remove lid and fluff with a fork.quick method, season chicken with salt and black pepper and place in the slow cooker., pour tomatoes over the chicken, top with onions and peppers, add oregano, bay leaf, salt and pepper, give it a quick stir and cover., set crock pot to low 8 hours or high 4 hours., when the timer beeps, remove lid and keep the crock pot on high one hour to help it thicken., better method but requires more prep, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh, lightly spray with oil i use my misto and brown chicken on both sides a few minutes, season with salt and pepper. add to the slow cooker., to the skillet, spray with a little more oil and add onions and peppers. saute until juices release and the vegetables become golden, a few minutes.add to the slow cooker. pour tomatoes over the chicken and vegetables, add oregano, bay leaf, salt and pepper, give it a quick stir and cover., set crock pot to low 8 hours or high 4 hours. remove bay leaf, adjust salt and pepper and enjoy,  pasta not included in nutritional info.heat a large deep nonstick skillet over medium heat., when hot, add the oil, onions, peppers and celery., cook 3 to 4 minutes, stirring., push the vegetables to the edges of the skillet and add the chicken, season with salt and pepper., brown 2 to 3 minutes on each side, then sprinkle the flour over the chicken and vegetables., add the water, sausage and bay leaf, adjust salt and pepper to taste, then cover and reduce heat to low., simmer 30 to 35 minutes, remove bay leaf and top with scallions., serve with rice or quinoa if desired.in a large saucepan, heat broth and butternut squash puree over mediumhigh heat. when it boils, reduce heat to a simmer and maintain over low heat, taste for salt and adjust as needed., in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat, heat oil or butter until melted. add shallots, garlic and rice saute until the rice is well coated with oil or butter, about 3 minutes. add the wine and sage and stir until it is absorbed., add a ladleful of the simmering stock wait until it is absorbed before adding another ladleful stirring gently and almost constantly. stirring loosens the starch molecules from the outside of the rice grains into the surrounding liquid, creating a smooth creamytextured liquid., continue this process until the rice is creamy, tender to the bite, but slightly firm in the center and all the stock is used, about 2530 minutes from the time you started., when all the liquid is absorbed, stir in the grated cheese and remove from heat. serve immediately and top with baby arugula and extra grated cheese if desired.shred cooked chicken breast using a fork place in a large mixing bowl., add remaining ingredients gently toss to combine., transfer to serving bowls., serve chilled or at room temperature., sprinkle with additional scallions.take one can of beans and place in the blender along with 2 cups of the chicken broth puree then add to your slow cooker., add the remainder of the beans and chicken broth into the slow cooker along with tomatoes, bell pepper, diced green chiles, cumin, chile powder, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, chicken breast, and 14 cup of the cilantro., set slow cooker to high 4 hours or low 6 to 8 hours., after its done, remove chicken and shred with 2 forks., place back into the slow cooker and add fresh scallions, remainder cilantro and adjust salt and cumin, to taste., serve hot with lime wedges, avocados, and sour cream if desired. makes about 10 12 cups.in a small bowl, whisk together 14 cup of the milk with 3 tbsp of cornstarch to create a slurry set aside., heat a large saucepan on medium heat when hot add oil. add the onions, garlic, poblano, and jalapeno and cook until soft, about 57 minutes. season with salt, to taste., add the chicken broth and the rest of the milk. bring to a boil and cook for about 3 minutes to reduce slightly., add the slurry cornstarch mixture to the pan and stir simmer a minute until it bubbles and thickens, then reduce heat to low., add the drained tomatoes, cilantro, lime juice, chili powder, cumin, salt, and pepper. remove from heat and add the cheese stir until it melts completely. serve immediately.slow cooker, place chicken, onion, garlic, pepper and tomatoes in the crock pot. season with salt, cumin and oregano. mix well so everything is seasoned., add tomato sauce, alcaparrado or olives along with 1 tbsp of the brine, 12 cup water, bay leaf and cilantro., mix well and set crock pot to high 4 hours or low for 6 to 8 hours., when done, taste for salt and seasoning and adjust spices as needed., add 2 tbsp chopped fresh cilantro and serve over rice., instant pot, place chicken, onion, garlic, pepper and tomatoes in the instant pot. season with salt, cumin and oregano. mix well so everything is seasoned., add tomato sauce, alcaparrado or olives along with 1 tbsp of the brine, 12 cup water, bay leaf and cilantro., mix well and cook high pressure 20 minutes, natural release., when done, taste for salt and seasoning and adjust spices as needed., add 2 tbsp chopped fresh cilantro and serve over rice.preheat oven to 350., cut the squash in half lengthwise, scoop out the seeds and fibers with a spoon. place on a baking sheet, cut side up and sprinkle with salt and pepper., roast about an hour or until the skin gives easily under pressure and the inside is tender. if you prefer the microwave, cut squash in half lengthwise, scoop out seeds and fibers and place on a microwave safe dish and cover. microwave 89 minutes., meanwhile, while the squash is roasting, season chicken cutlets with salt, pepper, garlic powder and oregano., heat a grill pan or a george formal grill over mediumhigh heat, when hot grill chicken on both sides until cooked through, about 35 minutes. set aside on a dish., remove the spaghetti squash from the oven or microwave and carefully fluff the spaghettilike strands on each half with a fork, leaving the squash in the shell. season with salt and pepper, then spoon about 14 cup marinara in each boat., slice the chicken on the diagonal and place each piece on top of each squash half. top the chicken with 14 cup each of remaining marinara sauce, then top with cheese and place back into the hot oven and cook until the cheese is melted and the sauce is hot, about 12 minutes., garnish with fresh basil and serve with parmesan cheese on the side if desired.heat 1 tsp oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat., cook shrimp until just opaque, about 2 to 3 minutes. transfer to a plate., heat remaining oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat and add onion, garlic and sage cook 4 minutes stirring occasionally until golden., stir in vinegar and cook 30 seconds., add broth, bring to a boil and cook 2 minutes., stir in beans and spinach and cook until the spinach wilts, about 2 to 3 minutes., remove from heat and stir in shrimp., top with feta cheese and divide in 4 bowls.cut off green tops of leek and remove outer tough leaves., cut off root and cut leeks in half lengthwise., fan out the leeks and rinse well under running water, leaving them intact., slice leeks into 14inch slices. set aside., preheat oven to 200., season chicken with salt and pepper., lightly dredge in flour shaking off excess., heat a large skillet on medium heat when hot add 1 tsp butter and 1 tsp olive oil., add chicken to the skillet and cook on medium heat for about 3  4 minutes on each side, or until chicken is no longer pink., set aside in a warm oven., add additional oil and butter to the skillet, then garlic and cook a few seconds add leeks, salt and pepper., saute stirring occasionally until golden, about 5 minutes., add sun dried tomatoes, wine, chicken broth, parsley stir the pan with a wooden spoon, breaking up any brown bits from the bottom of the pan., cook 2 more minutes or until the liquid reduces almost by half., top the chicken with the sun dried tomatoleeks mixture and serve.season fish with salt and pepper. heat oven to 200., in a shallow bowl, beat the egg whites. place the bread crumbs in another dish. dip each fish filet in the egg whites, then bread crumbs., heat a large saute pan over medium to mediumlow heat. spray a generous amount of olive oil spray on one side of the fish, and lay it in the pan, oil side down. spray the other side of the fish generously to coat and cook for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, until fish is opaque and cooked through., set aside on a platter in a warm oven until you make the sauce., over medium heat in the same pan, melt butter, add the lemon juice, wine, chicken broth and the reserved lemon halves, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil., boil over high heat until the liquid is reduced to half, about 3  4 minutes., discard the lemon halves, add the capers and spoon the sauce over the fish place a slice of lemon on each filet and top with fresh parsley.combine mayonnaise and chipotle pepper sauce in a small bowl., you can use any hot sauce, sriracha or chipotle tabasco would also work season to your taste., spread the spicy mayonnaise inside the ciabatta., lay the provolone cheese, grilled chicken and arugula in the bread close and lightly spray the top with cooking spray., place on a panini press and close until the cheese melts and the bread is toasted., cut in half and eat immediately.in a soup pot over medium heat, bring chicken broth, water, 1 clove crushed garlic, 2 tbsp chopped parsley, 14 of the chopped onion, tomato sauce, crushed red pepper flakes and fresh black pepper to a boil simmer about 5 minutes., meanwhile, make the meatballs by combining ground turkey, parmesan cheese, egg, remaining garlic, remaining onion, remaining parsley, breadcrumbs, salt and pepper. form into little 1 inch meatballs about 36., drop meatballs into the broth, cook about 3 minutes add pasta and cook according to package directions., add fresh basil, adjust salt and pepper to taste and serve with grated parmesan cheese.combine the marinade ingredients  lemon juice, oregano, garlic puree, salt and black pepper and pour over chicken, let it marinade in the refrigerator a minimum of two hours, but preferably 46 hours or longer., place all the vinaigrette ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth., set aside., preheat an indoor or outdoor grill to mediumhigh, make sure your grates are clean and lightly oiled to prevent sticking., when the grill is hot, lay the chicken on the grill., cook the chicken until well browned on both sides and firm, but not hard to the touch., transfer to a plate when done., divide spinach, onions, carrots, tomatoes and peppers on 4 plates., top with the chicken and drizzle with balsamic dressing over each.marinate the chicken at least 23 hours or overnight., if using wooden skewers, soak in water at least 30 minutes if grilling outdoors., combine the first 12 salad ingredients cucumbers through salt and black pepper, not the lettuce and set aside in the refrigerator to let the flavors set., thread chicken on 4 skewers and cook on a hot grill indoor or outdoor grill until chicken is cooked though, about 1012 minutes., divide lettuce between four plates, top with tomatocucumber salad, fresh grated feta cheese and grilled chicken., serve with lemon wedges.melt the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat add the leeks., cook, stirring occasionally, until the leeks are soft, about 15 minutes., add the broth and milk raise heat to high and bring to a boil., add the oatmeal and fresh cracked black pepper to taste., return to a boil, stirring occasionally reduce heat to low., cover and simmer gently until oats are tender, 4550 minutes less if using quaker oats.cook noodles in salted water until al dente, or slightly undercooked by 2 minutes. set aside., heat oil in a large skillet. add garlic and cook on medium heat until golden, about 1 minute., add the broccoli and a little salt, saute and cover the broccoli for about 3 minutes on medium heat until the broccoli begins to soften. set aside., preheat the oven to 375. lightly spray a 9 x 12 casserole dish with cooking spray., in a large pot, heat butter over mediumlow heat, when melted add the shallot and cook until soft, 23 minutes., add the flour and a pinch of salt and stir well, cooking an additional 23 minutes on mediumlow heat. slowly whisk in the chicken broth until well combined over medium heat whisk well for 30 seconds, then add the milk and bring to a boil. simmer on medium heat, mixing occasionally until it thickens about 67 minutes., remove from heat and add reduced fat sharp cheddar and 1 tablespoon of the parmesan cheese mix well until the cheese melts., add the shredded chicken, noodles and broccoli to the sauce and mix well until evenly coated., pour into a casserole dish and top with parmesan cheese and breadcrumbs., spray a little more cooking spray on top and bake for about 20  25 minutes. place the casserole under the broiler a few minutes to get the crumbs crisp and golden careful not to burn.prep all your vegetables., in a small blender make a slurry by combining milk, flour and cream cheese. set aside., season chicken generously with cajun seasoning, garlic powder and salt., prepare pasta in salted water according to package directions., heat a large heavy nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat spray with cooking spray and add half of the chicken., saute 5 to 6 minutes or until done, set aside on a plate and repeat with the remaining chicken. set aside., add olive oil to the skillet and reduce to medium add bell peppers, onions, and garlic to skillet, saute 34 minutes., add mushrooms and tomatoes and saute 34 more minutes or until vegetables are tender., season with 14 tsp salt, garlic powder and fresh cracked pepper to taste., reduce heat to mediumlow add chicken broth and pour in slurry stirring about 2 minutes., return chicken to skillet adjust salt and cajun seasoning to taste, cook another minute or two until hot, then add linguine toss well to coat., top with chopped scallions and enjoysqueeze lime over chicken and rub well., drain off excess lime juice., using gloves combine tomato, scallion, onion, garlic, scotch bonnet pepper, thyme and soy sauce in a large bowl and add to the chicken., cover and marinate at least one hour., heat oil in a dutch pot or large saucepan., shake off the seasonings as you remove each piece of chicken from the marinade, reserving the marinade for later., lightly brown the chicken on mediumhigh heat., when browned on all sides, pour the marinade over the chicken and add the carrots., stir and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes., mix cornstarch and coconut milk and add to stew, stirring constantly. reduce heat to low and cook an additional 20 minutes or until tender, add salt to taste.boil pasta in salted water according to package directions for al dente., drain and set aside., chop onion, carrot, celery, garlic by hand or mini food processor., in a large soup pot or dutch oven, melt light butter., add chopped vegetables and saute on low heat until soft, about 5 minutes., add flour and fresh pepper to the pot and stir until smooth., slowly add chicken broth, milk, nutmeg and dry mustard powder whisking constantly., set heat to mediumhigh until it comes to a boil., cover and cook on low about 1015 minutes., add broccoli florets, parmesan cheese, and stir well., adjust salt and pepper to taste., cook uncovered until broccoli is cooked, about 5 minutes or more to your liking., add cheddar, mixing well until cheese melts and immediately remove from heat., add cooked elbows and mix well, adjust salt and pepper if needed., eat right away so the pasta doesnt absorb all the broth.in a blender combine the marinade ingredients blend until smooth., place the chicken in a large, resealable ziptop bag or container and pour in the marinade. toss the chicken inside the bag to cover evenly with the marinade and refrigerate for 68 hours or as long as overnight., preheat oven to 400f., place the chicken on a rack in a foil lined roasting pan. create a loose tent over the chicken with foil., roast the chicken in the center of the oven 30 minutes remove foil and continue to cook, basting occasionally until the internal temperature is 165170f, about 45 minutes longer insert thermometer between the leg and the thigh.rinse escarole and tear into bite sized pieces., cook pasta according to package directions for al dente in a large pot of salted water. reserve 12 cup water before draining., while pasta water boils, heat a large nonstick skillet on medium heat., add olive oil when hot add onions, garlic, salt and pepper until soft, about 45 minutes., add sausage, breaking up with a wooden spoon and cook until golden, about 6 to 8 minutes. set aside in a dish., add chicken broth and beans to the skillet., add the escarole stir and cook about 4 minutes or until wilted., gently stir in sausage, pasta, red pepper flakes, 12 cup of the reserved water or more if needed and grated parmesan. adjust salt and pepper if needed and toss well transfer to a large serving bowl. enjoy with some extra cheese on the side.preheat oven on to 375f., wrap a piece of bacon around each piece of chicken secure with a toothpick and place on a baking sheet use foil for easy cleanup., bake on the lower rack turning halfway, about 12 minutes on each side, or until thoroughly cooked and browned., blot on a paper towel and serve right away.place mushrooms in hot water to soften a few minutes. remove stems and chop fine., combine soy sauces, oyster sauce, 12 tsp sesame oil, rice wine, sugar, and pepper in a bowl., combine ground chicken i put the chicken in the food processor, softened mushrooms and water chestnuts into a bowl. pour over chicken toss. let marinate for 15 minutes., mix spicy hoisin dipping sauce ingredients in another bowl. set aside., heat remaining sesame oil in a wok or skillet over high heat. add garlic cook until golden, about 10 seconds. add chicken mixture stir fry until browned, breaking the chicken up as it cooks, about 45 minutes., to serve, spoon 14 cup of the chicken into each lettuce leaf. garnish with scallions and a spoon a little spicy hoisin dipping sauce onto each one.heat the sauce cook the burgers 3 to 5 minutes on each side until cooked through., top with cheese and cover when melted transfer to the buns and top with sauce. enjoywash and dry cutlets well with paper towels., combine breadcrumbs and grated cheese in one bowl and olive oil, lemon juice, and pepper in another bowl., preheat oven to 450., lightly spray a baking dish with nonstick spray., dip the chicken in the lemonoil mixture, then in the breadcrumbs to coat well., place each cutlet on a work surface such as a cutting board and lay 12 slice prosciutto, 12 slice cheese and a few chunks red onion on one side of the chicken cutlet., roll and place seam side down in a baking dish no toothpicks needed. repeat with the remaining chicken., when finished, top with remaining crumbs and spray lightly with oil., bake 25  30 minutes., serve immediatelyseason chicken with vinegar, 12 tsp sazon, adobo and garlic powder and let it sit 10 minutes., heat a large deep heavy skillet on medium, add 2 tsp oil when hot., add chicken and brown 5 minutes on each side. remove and set aside., place onion, cilantro, garlic, scallions and pepper in mini food processor. add remaining teaspoon of olive oil to the skillet and saute onion mixture on mediumlow until soft, about 3 minutes., add tomato, cook another minute. add rice, mix well and cook another minute., add water, bouillon be sure it dissolves well and remaining sazon, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot., taste for salt, should taste salty enough to suit your taste, add more as needed., add chicken and nestle into rice, bring to a boil. simmer on mediumlow until most of the water evaporates and you see the liquid bubbling at the top of the rice line, then reduce heat to low heat and cover. make sure the lid has a good seal, no steam should escape you could place a piece of tin foil or paper towel in between the lid and the pot if steam escapes., cook 20 minutes without opening the lid. shut heat off and let it sit with the lid on an additional 10 minutes dont peak fluff with a fork and eatpreheat oven to 425f. spray a baking sheet with olive oil spray., put the olive oil in one bowl and the breadcrumbs, panko and parmesan cheese in another., season chicken with salt and pepper, then put in the bowl with the olive oil and mix well so the olive oil evenly coats all of the chicken., put a few chunks of chicken at a time into the breadcrumb mixture to coat, then on the baking sheet., lightly spray the top with olive oil spray then bake 8  10 minutes. turn over then cook another 4  5 minutes or until cooked through.in a large pot, melt butter., add onion and cook on low about 6 minutes, until onions are soft., add flour and stir, cooking another minute., add chicken broth, celery, carrots, garlic, bay leaves and salt and pepper to taste., add chicken and bring to a boil, then partially cover, simmer on low 30 minutes., meanwhile, cook cavatelli in a pot of salted water according to package directions., drain and add to soup when soup has cooked., cook another minute or two., remove bay leaves and divide in five bowls., to reheat, you may need to add a little water.soak beans in water overnight., the next day discard water and fill pot with 8 cups of water., add 1 onion, pork bone, green pepper and bay leaf and cook in pressure cooker for about an hour., remove from heat., when pressure dissolves, open the lid and add chicken bullion, cumin, and adobo to taste and cook uncovered on medium heat stirring occasionally., meanwhile in a skillet, add olive oil, chopped onion, garlic and cilantro, season with a pinch of salt and saute on medium low heat until onions are soft., add to beans and mix well., continue cooking beans about 3045 minutes, stirring occasionally until beans are thickened to your liking., taste for salt and adjust if needed., discard bone and bay leaf and serve., to make the sauce, place all ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth., serve over chicken, rice, beans or plantains.in a large pot, melt the butter over mediumlow heat., when melted, add the celery, onion, carrot  garlic., cover and reduce heat to low and cook for approximately 810 minutes until vegetables begin to soften., add the chicken broth, water, rind and increase heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil., when broth boils, add salt to taste, pepper and nutmeg., stir to combine., reduce heat to low and add tortellini., simmer until tortellini cooks to al dente., once cooked, remove the rind, and add the baby spinach., stir to combine., garnish with freshly grated parmigiano reggianorinse beans and place in a large pot with about 8 cups of water., cover and bring to a boil, then remove from heat and let the beans sit, covered for one hour. or you can let them soak overnight in cold water, drain the water, then add 810 cups of cold water when ready to cook., add 1 bell pepper, 2 garlic, small onion and bay leaves to the beans. bring to a boil and reduce heat to low. simmer for about an hour, or until tender, stirring occasionally. add water if necessary, meanwhile, in a large frying pan, heat oil on low. add chopped vegetables onion, parsley, carrots, pepper, garlic season with salt and pepper and saute for about 5 minutes, or until soft., add the vegetables to the soup after it has simmered an hour, then add wine, vinegar, cumin, oregano, bullion, salt and pepper and adjust water if needed., cover and simmer on low about 15  20 minutes., remove bay leaves, then using an immersion blender, partially blend the soup for about 10 seconds to thicken. if you dont have an immersion blender, put about 3 cups of the soup in a blender, then add it back to the pot., adjust salt, pepper and cumin to taste and ladle about 1 12 cups into each bowl., top with sour cream extra points, chopped onions, scallions, chives oror cilantro and enjoyin a medium pan, heat oil on medium heat. add the chopped onions, garlic, parsley and red pepper, saute until soft, about a minute., add the chicken and season with cumin and adobo. add beans and 1 to 112 cups of water and simmer for about 510 minutes, until it thickens and the liquid reduces., preheat oven to 350f., cut the peppers in half removing seeds and stem., place peppers in an ovenproof dish. fill each pepper with 13 cup of chicken and bean mixture., pour about 13 cup water or chicken broth in the bottom of the baking dish., cover tight with foil. bake 30 minutes, until the peppers are soft., remove foil, top with cheese and bake uncovered another 5 minutes.to peel the tomatoes, boil a large pot of water., when boiling, drop the tomatoes in the water to blanch one minute, or until the skin cracks., quickly remove from the water, let it cool a few minutes and the skin will come right off., chop onions, carrots, celery and garlic using a mini food processor or chopper., melt butter in a large soup pot over medium heat., add butter until melted, then add chopped onions, carrots, celery and garlic., cook stirring often until soft, about 810 minutes., add chicken broth and tomatoes, stirring well., using a string or a rubber band, tie herbs together and drop into the soup., this will make it easy to remove later., add salt and fresh pepper, reduce heat to low and simmer covered for 30 minutes., remove herbs and discard, add sour cream and blend with a hand blender until smooth. a regular blender would work, but be sure to let the soup cool before blending and fill only halfway in the blender so it doesnx27t explode on you., ladle into bowls and top with freshly grated cheese and fresh basil.season chicken with vinegar and soy sauce., add sazon, 1 teaspoon of adobo, garlic powder, oregano and adobo and mix well. dont use your hands or they will turn orange, let chicken marinate at least 15 minutes., broil or grill on low until chicken is cooked through, turning halfway, careful not to burn, about 30 minutes. enjoy with rice and salad.combine chicken, mayonnaise, scallions, lime juice, and cilantro., season to taste with salt, pepper, garlic powder, cumin, and chile powder., add a little chicken broth if chicken seams too dry, 1 tbsp at a time., cover chicken breast in broth in a small pot, add water if it doesnt cover the chicken., add salt and pepper, a piece of celery and its leaves you could add herbs like parsley, garlic, onion, or whatever you want and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes., remove from heat, cover tight and let it sit for 1520 minutes or until thickest part of the breast registers 160 degrees., chicken will be cooked through. let it cool and cut into small cubes.in a heavy large saucepan, brown chicken on high for 34 minutes with a little spray oil., add water, balsamic, soy sauce, honey, garlic, ginger, hot sauce and cook on high until liquid comes to a boil., reduce heat to low and simmer, covered for about 20 minutes., remove cover and bring heat to high, allowing sauce to reduce down, about 810 minutes, until it becomes thick, turning chicken occasionally. keep an eye on glaze, you dont want it to burn when it start becoming thick., transfer chicken to a platter and pour sauce on top., top with chives and sesame seeds and serve.cook pasta in salted water according to package directions. spray a baking dish with buttered flavor pam., preheat oven to 375., in a large, heavy skillet, melt butter. add flour and cook over low heat stirring with a whisk., add onion and cook another 2 minutes. add milk and chicken broth and continue whisking, raising heat to mediumhigh until it comes to a boil and becomes smooth and thick. season with salt and pepper., once it becomes thick, remove from heat, add cheese and mix well until cheese is melted. adjust salt and pepper to taste, add cooked macaroni and baby spinach., pour into baking dish. top with grated cheese and breadcrumbs. spray a little more buttered flavor pam on top., bake for 1520 minutes, then broil for a few minutes to get the breadcrumbs golden.slice each breast lengthwise into two cutlets to make a total of 6., cover with wax paper and pound each one to about 14 thick., season chicken with salt and pepper., lay a 12 slice of prosciutto on one end, top with sage leaf and fold over., lightly pound ends of chicken to seal., place flour in a shallow bowl and lightly dredge chicken in flour, shaking off excess., discard the remaining flour., heat a nonstick skiller over mediumhigh heat., when hot, spray with olive oil., saute chicken 1 minute on each side. you will have to do this in a few batches., remove chicken from the pan and deglaze the pan with wine, scraping up any brown bits., add chicken broth and butter and return chicken to the sauce., finish cooking on low about 5 minutes., serve this over a bed of wilted greens and top with sauce.cut chicken into 4 cutlets, then place cutlets between 2 sheets of parchment paper or plastic wrap and pound out to 14inch thick., sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper., in a shallow plate, beat the egg whites and 1 teaspoon of water together., place the bread crumbs in another plate. dip each chicken breast first in the egg, then bread crumbs., heat a large saute pan over medium to mediumlow heat., spray a generous amount of olive oil spray on one side of the chicken, and lay it in the pan, oil side down., spray the top of the chicken generously to coat and cook for 23 minutes on each side, until cooked through. set aside until you make the sauce., for the sauce, clean the saute pan. over medium heat, melt butter, add the lemon juice, wine, chicken broth and the reserved lemon halves, salt, and pepper., boil over high heat until reduced in half, about 2 minutes., discard the lemon halves, add the capers and serve one chicken cutlet on each plate., spoon on the sauce and serve with a slice of lemon and a sprinkling of fresh parsley., to cook the chicken in the air fryer, preheat the air fryer 370f. cook 5 to 6 minutes, turning halfway until crisp and golden and cooked through.heat oil in a deep saute pan., add scallions and garlic, saute 2 minutes, add tomatoes and peppers., season with salt, cumin, and sazon or annatto. set aside., season chicken with salt and garlic powder add to center of the pan allowing chicken to brown slightly on both sides., combine chicken with sofrito, and add beer, water and cilantro, adjust salt if needed., cover pan and simmer on low until chicken is cooked through, about 2030 minutes. serve over rice.put the potatoes and garlic in a large pot with salt and enough water to cover bring to a boil., cover and reduce heat simmer for 20 minutes or until potatoes are tender., drain and return potatoes and garlic to pan. add sour cream and remaining ingredients., using a masher or blender, mash until smooth., season with salt and pepper to taste., meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350., line a muffin tin with foil liners., in a large bowl, mix the turkey, zucchini, onion, breadcrumbs, ketchup, egg, and salt., place meatloaf mixture into muffin tins filling them to the top, making sure they are flat at the top., bake uncovered for 1820 minutes or until cooked through., remove from tins and place onto a baking dish., pipe the frosting onto the meatloaf cupcakes and serve.slice bread open and smear mashed avocado on the bread. season with salt and pepper., top with tomatoes, chicken and add additional fresh cracked pepper. enjoypreheat oven to 425., spray a baking sheet with nonstick oil spray., combine the sesame oil and soy sauce in a bowl, and the sesame seeds, salt and panko in another., place chicken in the bowl with the oil and soy sauce, then into the sesame seed mixture to coat well., place on the baking sheet lightly spray the top of the chicken with oil spray and bake 8  10 minutes., turn over and cook another 4  5 minutes longer or until cooked through.heat the oven to 400f., using a heavy, sharp knife, cut the squash into quarters., place on a baking sheet and bake for 1 hour., when the squash is cooked and cool enough to handle, peel the skin away from the squash flesh. this should make about 3 cups., add oil to a medium soup pot, on medium heat., when oil is hot add onion, shallots, chili pepper if using and garlic saute on low heat until golden., add roasted cumin, masala and madras curry powder and mix well cooking another minute., add broth, light coconut milk, roasted kuri pumpkin and cook covered 20  25 minutes., remove cover and using an immersion blender, puree soup until smooth., season with salt and fresh pepper to taste and serve with fresh cilantro.cook brown rice in water and chicken bouillon according to package directions., while the rice is cooking, in a large heavy saute pan cook chicken sausage on medium heat, breaking up the meat into small pieces as it cooks until the sausage is cooked through and is browned. set aside on a dish., add olive oil to the pan and add the onion, saute one minute, add the celery, salt and pepper to taste cook about 12 minutes, until celery is soft., add the mushrooms to the pan, more salt and pepper if needed and cook, stirring 5 minutes, then cook covered for 2 minutes, or until the mushrooms have released their juice and are cooked through., add the sausage and the cooked rice to the pan and mix well.cut the potatoes into small 1 x 12 inch pieces. these take the longest to cook so cutting them small ensures everything cooks evenly., preheat oven to 375., spray one large nonstick baking sheet, or two small ones with olive oil spray to prevent the potatoes from sticking., in a large bowl, combine potatoes, onions, peppers, olive oil, salt, pepper, rosemary and garlic powder. mix well to be sure everything is coated with oil and seasoned evenly. pour onto the prepared baking sheet and place in the center of the oven bake for 15 minutes., use a spoon to toss so nothing sticks or burns., add the sausage to the baking sheet with the potatoes and vegetables and bake, tossing once or twice for 2535 minutes, or until your potatoes are cooked through., cooking time will vary depending on the thickness of your potatoes and sausage, keep an eye so they dont burn.season pork on all side with salt and fresh cracked pepper., heat a skillet on mediumhigh heat, spray with a little oil and brown the pork on all sides for about 7  8 minutes., in the crock pot, combine the broth, soy sauce or tamari, balsamic, agave, sesame oil, chinese five spice, garlic and ginger add the pork and set the slow cooker to 8 hours on low., thirty minutes before the timer goes off, remove the pork and set aside to rest a few minutes add the mushrooms to the crock pot, cover and cook on low for 30 minutes., meanwhile, shred the pork using two forks., when the mushrooms are tender, remove about 1 cup of the broth and reserve if needed., add the shredded pork to the crock pot and mix well., if adding baby spinach, add at the end and cover a few minutes until it wilts.preheat oven to 350., cut acorn squash in half and bake until tender, about 40  45 minutes. remove from the oven., meanwhile, discard dark green part of the leek. leeks usually tend to be sandy, so i like to clean them well by separating the layers and washing them well under cold water. chop leeks and saute in a large pot with butter or oil over medium low heat until tender, about 5 minutes., when squash is cool enough to handle, scoop out seeds and discard. scoop out the flesh from the skin and add to the pot with leeks., add about 23 of the chicken stock to the pot stir well and simmer about 5 minutes. using an immersion blender or a regular blender, blend soup until smooth. add remaining broth and simmer a few more minutes. adjust salt and pepper to taste. garnish with pepitas and chopped chives.heat a large heavy saute pan over high heat and lightly spray with oil., add meat and cook, breaking it up until white, about 5 minutes. add to crock pot., add oil to the saute pan, then onions, garlic, saute about 3  4 minutes add cumin and saute another minute. add to crock pot., add beans, pumpkin puree, green chilis, broth, chili powder, oregano, and bay leaves., cover and cook on high for 4 hours or low for 8 hours., remove bay leaves and adjust seasoning to taste before serving. enjoy, press saute and lightly spray with oil. add meat and cook, breaking it up until white, about 5 minutes. set aside., add oil to the saute pan, then onions, garlic, saute about 3  4 minutes add cumin and saute another minute. return meat to the pot., add the beans, pumpkin puree, green chilis, broth, chili powder, oregano, and bay leaves., cover and cook on high pressure 25 minutes. natural release., remove bay leaves and adjust seasoning to taste before serving. enjoywash and dry cutlets, season with salt and pepper. preheat oven to 450. lightly spray a baking dish with nonstick spray., in a large skillet, heat oil on mediumhigh heat. when hot saute the garlic 1 minute, or until golden. add zucchini, 14 cup romano cheese, salt and pepper and saute about 34 minutes, stirring occasionally. set aside to cool. when cool, add mozzarella cheese and mix to combine., lay chicken cutlets down on a working surface and spread 3 tbsp of zucchinicheese mixture on each cutlet. loosely roll each one and keep seam side down., combine breadcrumbs and remaining 2 tbsp of romano cheese in one bowl in a second bowl combine olive oil, lemon juice, and pepper., dip chicken in lemonoil mixture, then in breadcrumbs and place seam side down in a baking dish no toothpicks needed. repeat with the remaining chicken. when finished, lightly spray with oil spray., bake 25  30 minutes. serve immediately. serving size is listed as one, but if you are having this with a salad, i suggest you have two., follow steps above 1 through 6., preheat the air fryer once again to 400f. spray both sides of the chicken with oil. cook, in two batches 12 minutes turning halfway.mix chicken and fish sauce in medium bowl., add cornstarch toss to evenly coat., set aside., heat 12 tablespoon of the oil in large nonstick skillet on mediumhigh heat., add garlic and ginger stir fry 30 seconds., add bell peppers, chili pepper if using and pineapple stir fry 3 to 5 minutes or until peppers are tendercrisp., add sauce cook and stir until heated through., remove from skillet., heat remaining oil in the skillet., add chicken stir fry 5 minutes or until cooked through., return bell pepper mixture to skillet stir fry until well blended., garnish with cilantro.brown the sausage in a large skillet, breaking up any large pieces with a wooden spoon., when sausage is browned, drain if needed and add to crock pot., clean skillet with a paper towel and set flame to high when hot add oil., add garlic and cook until golden but do not burn add tomatoes and garlic to crock pot along with fresh cracked pepper. cover and cook on low for 68 hours., if you wish, take an immersion blender and blend the sauce a 23 seconds to break the sausage up into smaller pieces to combine with the sauce.heat oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. add the onions and cook until golden., add the crushed ginger, stir for a few minutes then add the garlic and cook another minute. add cumin, garam masala, turmeric, chili powder, and salt mix well until fragrant, about 2 minutes., stir in tomatoes, yogurt and milk. simmer on low heat until sauce thickens, about 10 minutes., add chicken and simmer for 10  15 minutes or until cooked through., add a generous amount of chopped cilantro and serve with bamati rice or naan.cut the stems and the tops off the artichokes., using a scissor cut off the tips of the leaves and squeeze lemon all over to prevent browning., in a large pot, fill with 4 cups water and place artichokes upside down in pot., boil 1214 minutes., remove from water and set aside to cool., when artichokes have cooled, remove the center leaves and scoop out the choke with a teaspoon., in a small saute pan, heat oil and saute garlic until golden about 2 minutes., remove from heat., add breadcrumbs, grated cheese, and egg white and mix well., place artichokes in a baking dish and stuff the centers and leaves all around with the stuffing., spray lightly with olive oil., fill the bottom of the baking dish with broth and wine and cover with aluminum foil., bake for 40 minutes at 350 removing the foil the last 10 minutes of baking.season pork with salt and pepper., in a medium saute pan on mediumhigh heat, brown pork on all sides for about 10 minutes., remove from heat and allow to cool., using a sharp knife, insert blade into pork, cutting small holes and insert garlic slivers all the way in so you no longer see them., season pork generously with cumin, adobo, sazon, oregano all over., pour chicken broth in the crockpot, add bay leaves and chipotle peppers., place pork in crock pot and cover., cook low for 8 hours., after 8 hours, shred pork using two forks and combine well with the juices that accumalated at the bottom., remove bay leaves and adjust salt and cumin as needed., let it cook another 1530 minutes.to roast red peppers on the grill, place clean fresh red peppers directly on the grill top. you can also put them directly over the flame on your stove., turn your peppers frequently, as needed until the skin has turned completely black and starts to blister., when the entire pepper skin has turned black, remove the peppers from the grill and place them into a bowl., cover the bowl with a lid or a dish to make it airtight to build up steam., let the peppers rest in the bowl for 10 minutes., uncover, remove from the bowl and the skin will slide off easily., cut the pepper in half to core and remove seeds., heat 1 tsp of oil in a large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat., add the onions, carrots, garlic, and herbs and saute until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes., add the broth, roasted bell peppers, potato and wine., bring to a simmer over high heat., decrease the heat to mediumlow and cover, simmer until the potatoes are very tender, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes., with an immersion hand blender, puree the soup in the pot with the sour cream until it is smooth., season with salt and pepper to taste., add the grated parmesan and ladle into bowls.heat chicken stock in a small pot and keep on low heat., in a medium size heavy sauce pan, saute garlic in 1 tsp olive oil., add mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook 1 minute., add 12 cup of the chicken stock and let the mushrooms cook about 4 minutes. set aside., add butter to the pan and set flame to mediumlow heat. add shallots, saute about 1 minute., add rice mixing well until well coated and translucent, about 2 minutes., add wine, salt and pepper and mix well until it is absorbed into the rice., ladle 1 cup stock into rice and mix until all stock is absorbed, add another ladle, and continue adding and stirring until all broth is absorbed, about 2025 minutes., add mushrooms, parmesan cheese and parsley, mix well and serve.bring a large pot of salted water to boil., season chicken generously with salt, pepper, oregano and basil., heat a large skillet on high heat. when hot, spray with oil and add chicken. cook about 34 minutes, until no longer pink., remove chicken and set aside., add pasta and cook according to package directions. reserve about 12 cup pasta water before draining., while pasta cooks, add olive oil to skillet on high heat., add garlic and saute until golden brown do not burn. add tomatoes, salt and pepper and reduce heat to mediumlow. saute about 45 minutes., when pasta is drained, add pasta to tomatoes and toss well. if pasta seems too dry, add some of the reserved pasta water., add fresh basil and chicken and toss well. serve and top with good grated cheese.chop all sofrito items in a food processor or chopper., in a caldero or heavy pot with a lid, heat oil on medium., stir in onion, scallion, cilantro, pepper and garlic and cook about 5 minutes., add tomato and salt cook another minute., stir in rice and blend well., add gandules, water, bullion, sazon, salt and taste liquid for flavor., mix well. add more salt if needed., reduce flame to mediumlow and let water boil down until it is completely absorbed., once water barely skims the top, set flame to low and cover for 20 minutes without stirring or lifting the lid., the steam will cook the rice.heat a large skillet on high heat., season shrimp with salt and pepper., when skillet is hot, spray with oil and add shrimp., cook shrimp about 2 minutes in each side until almost cooked through and remove from the pan. set aside., reduce skillet heat to medium, add olive oil and garlic and saute until golden, careful not to burn., add tomatoes and season with salt and pepper., simmer about 4 minutes., add white wine and broth and stir., add asparagus, salt, pepper and herbs., cover and simmer for 10 minutes on medium low heat., while sauce is simmering, boil salted water and cook pasta until desired tenderness., drain when done., after sauce simmers 10 minutes, add shrimp to sauce to finish cooking, about 1 minutes do not overcook or shrimp will get tough., add pasta to the sauce and toss well., divide equally in 4 bowls and top with a good grated cheese.preheat oven to 400f. season chicken with salt and pepper. lightly spray a grill or grill pan with oil. cook chicken until no longer pink, about 2 to 3 minutes per side., heat a skillet over medium heat. add oil and garlic, saute a 30 seconds, add spinach, salt and pepper. cook until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes., place chicken on a baking sheet , divide spinach evenly between the 6 pieces and place on top. top each with 12 oz mozzarella, roasted peppers and bake until melted, about 3 minutes.rinse escarole and tear into bite sized pieces., cook pasta in a large pot of salted water., reserve 1 cup water before draining., while pasta water boils, heat a large nonstick skillet on medium heat., add olive oil when hot add onions, peppers, garlic, salt and pepper., cook until soft, about 45 minutes., add sausage, breaking up with a wooden spoon and cook until golden, about 6 to 8 minutes., add escarole, cover and cook 2 minutes remove the cover, stir and cook about 3 more minutes or until wilted., adjust salt and pepper to taste., add cooked pasta, red pepper flakes, reserved water and parmigiano reggiano, toss well and transfer to a large serving bowl., serve immediately.whisk all vinaigrette ingredients set aside., preheat oven to 375., combine coconut flakes, panko, cornflake crumbs and salt in a bowl., put egg whites or egg beaters in another bowl., lightly season chicken with salt. dip the chicken in the egg, then in the coconut crumb mixture., place chicken on a cookie sheet lined with parchment for easy cleanup. lightly spray with olive oil spray and bake for 30 minutes turning halfway, or until chicken is cooked through., place 2 cups baby greens on each plate. divide carrots, cucumber, tomato evenly between each plate., when chicken is ready slice on the diagonal and place on top of greens., heat dressing in the microwave a few seconds and divide equally between each salad a little over 1 tbsp each.preheat oven to 350., combine all ingredients in a ovensafe baking dish with a lid., place a piece of tin foil between the lid and the dish to ensure no steam escapes., bake 45 minutes do not open, do not peek, do not stir to rice., when 45 minutes is up, remove from oven and let it sit for 10 more minutes to allow the steam to finish cooking the rice, do not open, do not peek, do not stir to rice., after 10 minutes, remove lid and fluff with a fork.in a large frying pan heat the butter over moderately low heat., season pork with salt and pepper., raise heat to medium and add the chops to the pan and saute for 7 minutes., turn and cook until chops are browned and done to medium, about 78 minutes longer or until the pork reads 160f in the center., remove the chops and put in a warm spot., add shallots to the pan and cook, stirring, until soft, about 3 minutes., add the stock to deglaze the pan, stir in the mustard, 1 tbsp parsley, then add mushrooms, season with fresh pepper and cook about 3 minutes, or until mushrooms are done., put the chops on a platter and pour the mushroom sauce over the meat, top with remaining parsley.bring a large pot of water to a boil. add the broccoli and blanch 3 minutes. rinse with cold water to stop the cooking., drain well and set aside., preheat oven to 350., grease a 9 x 13 inch baking dish with cooking spray., season the chicken with salt and pepper., using a grill pan or forman grill, saute chicken on mediumlow heat on both sides until browned, and just about cooked through, about 5 minutes on each side., remove from heat and transfer chicken to a cutting board., when cooled, slice chicken into bite sized pieces., heat a medium skillet on medium heat., add the butter and oil until melted and then add garlic and shallots., sprinkle the flour and whisk until smooth., stir in broth, milk and sherry and bring to a boil., remove from heat and stir in half of the swiss cheese., season to taste with salt and pepper., arrange the broccoli in a casserole dish and pour half of the sauce over the broccoli., arrange the chicken on top and cover with remaining sauce., sprinkle the remaining swiss cheese, grated parmesan and top with breadcrumbs., spray a little oil on top., bake 30 minutes, serve hot.in a large bowl, mash potatoes with 14 cup broth, salt and pepper. set aside., saute garlic, and onions in oil on low heat. add parsley, salt and pepper and cook until soft, about 23 minutes., add turkey, and remaining broth, mix well and shut heat off., add turkey to mashed potatoes and using your clean hands mix well. taste for salt and adjust if needed., preheat oven to 450., measure 14 cup of mixture then form into croquettes. place on waxed paper. repeat with remaining mixture., dip each croquette in egg wash, then breadcrumbs and place on a parchment lined cookie sheet for easy cleanup. spray generously with olive oil spray about 1 tbsp worth. bake in the oven about 15 minutes, or until golden.add oil to a large soup pot or dutch oven over medium heat., when oil is hot add onion, garlic and saute., add roasted cumin, masala and madras curry powder and mix well cooking another minute., add broth, light coconut milk, butternut squash and cook covered until squash is soft, 1215 minutes., remove cover and using an immersion blender, puree soup until smooth., season with salt and fresh pepper and serve with fresh cilantro.in a small heavy pot, melt butter., add rice and saute about 1 minute., add water and bullion and bring to a boil., when all liquid evaporates, reduce flame to low and cover., cook about 15 minutes., shut flame off and keep covered another 5 minutes to let the steam finish cooking the rice., meanwhile, in a saute pan, heat olive oil., add garlic and saute until golden., add spinach and salt, mixing well for about 4 minutes., toss rice with spinach and top with good grating cheese like pecorino romano.cook pasta according to package instructions., while pasta cooks, heat a large skillet until very hot., spray lightly with cooking spray., season shrimp with salt and pepper and add to hot skillet., saute for about 1 minute, until almost cooked through and remove from heat., set shrimp aside., add olive oil to the pan, lower heat to medium, add shallots and garlic and saute until golden, about 1 minute., add tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, and cook about 1 minute., add zucchini, saute another minute., add chicken broth, red pepper flakes and mix well., return shrimp to the pan and simmer 30 seconds., when pasta is cooked to al dente, drain in a colander and add pasta to sauce., mix well with the sauce and adjust salt and pepper., add chopped parsley and serve., top with some really good grated cheese, yields a little over 1 12 cups per serving.for the risotto, heat chicken stock in a small pot., in a medium size heavy sauce pan, add butter on mediumlow heat. add shallots, saute about 1 minute., add rice mixing well until well coated and transluscent, about 2 minutes., add wine, salt and pepper and mix well until it is absorbed into the rice., ladle 1 cup stock into rice and mix until all stock is absorbed, add another ladle, and continue adding and stirring until all broth is absorbed, about 2025 minutes., add parmesan cheese and parsley, mix well and serve., for the scallops, wash scallops and pat dry with a paper towel. season with salt and pepper., heat a medium size pan on a high flame. when pan is hot, melt 1 tsp butter and place half of the scallops in the pan., sear without touching them for a few minutes until the bottom forms a nice caramel colored crust. turn over and cook about another minute or 2, until the center is slightly translucent you can check this by viewing them from the side and the bottom is seared. be careful not to overcook., remove from the pan and set aside on a warm plate., add addition tsp butter and cook remaining scallops., add olive oil to the pan and saute shallots, add spinach, salt and pepper. toss until spinach wilts., serve over spinach over risotto topped with scallops.instructions, wash chicken and remove all fat., place in a large bowl and season generously with beer, vinegar, lime juice, salt, garlic powder, cumin and oregano., place in a large bag and marinate overnight., remove chicken from bag, cut chicken in half and place both halves on a large oven safe baking dish, skin side up., discard marinade., sprinkle chicken with paprika and a little more garlic powder and salt and bake at 425 for about 50 minutes, basting with the pan juices half way through., to test for doneness, insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the chicken the thermometer should read about 160f., the chicken needs to reach an internal temperature of 165f, but after the chicken is taken out of the oven it should rise to 165., let the chicken rest for 5 minutes before carving., to bbq if you want to make this chicken on the grill, i would recommend cutting the chicken into individual pieces before you marinate. position the grill rack 46 inches above the fire. cook covered turning often about 2025 minutes, until juices run clear when the thigh is pierced with a knife.for the red wine tomato vinaigrette, chop tomato in food processor., add crushed garlic, vinegar, lemon juice, water, dijon mustard, oregano, salt and pepper., pulse a few times until smooth., add chopped shallot and mix to blend., set aside to allow the flavors to blend well., for the salad, arrange chopped lettuce on the bottom of a large platter., layer the chicken, bacon, tomato, egg and avocado in neat rows over the greens., top with this tomato vinaigrette.preheat oven to 400., cut zucchini in half lengthwise and using a spoon or melon baller, scoop out flesh, leaving 14 thick., arrange in a baking dish., chop the scooped out flesh of the zucchini in small pieces., in a large saute pan, melt butter and add onion, shallot and garlic., cook on a mediumlow flame for about 23 minutes, until onions are translucent., add chopped zucchini and season with a pinch of salt, cook about 23 minutes., add wine and cook until it reduces., add ground turkey and season with salt and pepper, cooking until turkey is white, breaking up in smaller pieces., add paprika, rosemary, garlic powder, marjoram and basil., mix well and cook another minute., place turkey meat in a large mixing bowl and set aside to cool., when cooled, add parmesan cheese and egg white, mix well., using a spoon, fill hollowed zucchinis with stuffing, pressing firmly and top with bread crumbs., place chicken broth in bottom of the baking dish and cover tightly with foil., bake 35 minutes.in a large, deep nonstick skillet, heat pan on medium when hot spray oil and saute garlic until light brown careful not to burn., add homemade sauce and broth mix well., add asparagus and cover., when the sauce boils gently add the eggs and cheese, reduce to a simmer and cover., simmer 10 minutes on low.chop meat into small chunks., in a large pot, combine meat, water and spices and boil about 15 minutes on medium., add vegetables and remaining ingredients., reduce to low, cover and simmer for about 45 minutes.in a medium sauce pan, heat sauce and chicken stock., combine with cooked quinoa and grated cheese and mix well., top with extra cheese if desired.saute garlic in oil, add onions and carrots and saute on mediumlow for about 23 minutes, until soft. add tomatoes and chicken broth and simmer 45 minutes on low., add fresh basil last 10 minutes herbs will become bitter if cooked more than 20 minutes. julia always adds herbs into the sauce near the end., taste for acidity, if sauce is a bit tangy acidic then add 1 tbsp of sugar. for a calorie free way to cut the acidity in the sauce add 12 teaspoon of baking soda.combine beans, onion, chili peppers, corn, tomato sauce, diced tomato, cumin, chili powder and taco seasoning in a slow cooker and mix well., nestle the chicken in to completely cover and cook on low for 8 to 10 hours or on high for 4 to 6 hours., half hour before serving, remove chicken and shred., return chicken to slow cooker and stir in., top with fresh cilantro and your favorite toppingsin a large pot, saute scallions, onions and garlic in oil. add tomatoes and saute another minute., add chicken pieces and season with a little salt. saute a few minutes, then add yucca and plantain and fill pot with water., add chicken bullion, cumin and half of the cilantro and cover pot., simmer on low for about 40 minutes. after 40 minutes, adjust salt and add potatoes, cook and additional 15 minutes., add corn and cook an additional 7 minutes or until corn is cooked., serve in large bowls, and top with cilantro.in a deep pot, saute onion and garlic in olive oil over medium heat., blend the cup of beans with one can water in electric blender until almost smooth., add blended beans to pan then add the can of tomato sauce, celery, carrots, chicken broth, basil, bay leaf, parsley, oregano, salt and pepper., add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. simmer, covered for 20 minutes stirring occasionally., add pasta and cook uncovered until pasta is al dente, according to pasta directions., ladle soup into bowls and top with grated cheese extra.peel the squash and remove the seeds., cut into medium size cubes. the easiest way to peel butternut squash is to first cut the top and bottom off the squash. then cut the squash length wise., in a large heavy pot, combine squash, carrots, celery, onion, garlic, sage and broth and bring to a boil. cover and simmer on low heat for about 40 minutes, until squash is tender., discard the sage and using an immersion blender, puree the soup., add milk and adjust the salt and pepper to taste and serve. great topped with freshly grated parmesan cheese.,  heat a large nonstick wok over high heat., meanwhile, season chicken lightly with salt and pepper., when the wok is very hot, add 2 tsp of the oil. when the oil is hot, add the chicken and cook on high until its browned all over and cooked through, about 34 minutes., remove chicken from wok and set aside, add the eggs, pinch of salt and cook a minute or two until done. set aside., add the remaining oil to the wok and add the onion, scallions and garlic. saute 1 minute, add the chili pepper if using, tomatoes and stir in all the rice., add the soy sauce and fish sauce stir to mix all the ingredients., keep stirring a few minutes, then add egg and chicken back to the wok., adjust soy sauce if needed and stir well another 30 seconds.slice chicken breast in half so you have 4 cutlets., season chicken generously with salt, pepper, cumin, oregano and garlic powder., lightly spray a skillet on medium heat with oil or if using a grill, grill chicken until cooked on both sides., remove from heat and cut chicken into strips, set aside., to the skillet, add 1 tbsp oil and cook onions and peppers, season with salt and pepper., cook about 2 minutes, add garlic and continue cooking until vegetables are soft being careful not to burn the garlic. when cooked, set aside., heat skillet on medium heat and lightly spray with oil. add tortilla, top with cheese, chicken, onions, peppers, and pico de gallo or avocadomango salsa. top with the other tortilla., cheese should be melted and the bottom of the tortilla should be golden brown. put a plate on top of the quesadilla to flip it over onto the plate. then slide the other side onto the skillet., cook another minute and remove with a spatula. cut into wedges and serve with sour cream if you wish.place all ingredients into crock pot and fill with water., cover and cook on high for 4 hours or low for 8 hours., when its done, throw out all the vegetables, strain the liquid and remove the chicken for other recipes, like chicken salad, or anything that calls for shredded chicken., if youre not using the stock right away you can store it in containers and refrigerate for up to 2 days or freeze for several months., when the stock is chilled, the fat will rise to the top and harden and you can easily remove it.in a medium heavy pot with a tight fitting lid, heat oil on medium heat and saute scallions, cilantro and garlic for about 2 minutes., add tomatoes and saute another minute., add rice and saute 2 minutes longer, stirring frequently., add water, bullion cube and sazon., taste the water for salt and add more to taste., let water boil on a high flame stirring once., as the water boils down and just barely skims the top of the rice, turn the flame to very low and cover 15 minutes., the steam will cook the rice so do not open., after 15 minutes, shut the flame off and let it sit at least 5 more minutes., this will finish cooking the rice without burning the bottom.heat oil over mediumhigh heat in a medium sized pot., add sausage meat breaking it up with a spatula or wooden spoon into large chunks., when completely cooked, add garlic and saute for 2  3 minutes careful not to let the garlic burn., add the water, stock, beans and red pepper flakes if using and stir thoroughly., simmer on low for 10 minutes, covered., throw in kale and allow to simmer for another 10 minutes covered. adjust salt and pepper to taste., divide into four bowls and serve hot.in a medium sauce pan, place chicken, half the celery, half the onion, parsley and cover with water., add bullion and cook on medium flame, covered for about 1520 minutes, until chicken is cooked through., once cooked, remove chicken and let cool. reserve chicken broth., cut chicken into small pieces and place in a bowl. add onions, celery and mayonnaise, 18 cup reserved chicken broth and mix well. if looks dry add 18 cup more., serve on a bed of lettuce, in a lettuce wrap or on your favorite bread.bring 6 cups chicken broth to a boil., in a medium bowl, combine remaining cup of cold chicken broth with eggs, cheese and parsley and whisk well., whisk into the boiling pot and cook 3 to 4 minutes., bring back to a boil and add the orzo and cook according to package directions., when pasta is done, add the baby spinach and mix until it welts., remove from heat, add salt if needed and pepper to taste., ladle into bowls and top with additional grated cheese.combine all marinade ingredients in a small bowl., pour the mixture over the chicken, turn the pieces to coat evenly, cover and place in refrigerator a minimum of three hours, but preferably overnight., preheat grill to high., grill chicken top side down first until well browned charred, about 5 minutes, turn and cook on the second side about 3 more minutes., transfer to a serving platter.season chicken with salt and pepper. i, n a large heavy saute pan, heat the pan over a mediumhigh flame and spray with cooking oil., add the chicken pieces to the pan and saute just until brown, about 34 minutes per side., add the peppers, onion and garlic to the pan and saute over medium heat until the onion is tender, about 34 minutes, then add mushrooms and cook another 23 minutes., season with salt and pepper., add the tomatoes, broth, and oregano., cover the pan and bring the sauce to a simmer., continue simmering over low heat until the chicken is just cooked through, about 25 minutes., add the chopped basil 5 minutes before sauce is done., serve over whole wheat or high fiber pasta like ronzoni smart taste.instructions, in a large saucepan, bring 2 quarts heavily salted water to a boil., wash broccoli rabe, cut off tough stems and remove any yellow leaves., cut broccoli rabe into 2 inch pieces., add to boiling water and cook into crisptender about 2 minutes., drain. set aside., dry pan and heat over medium heat., add olive oil., add garlic and red pepper flakes., saute until garlic turns light golden brown, about 1 minute., add broccoli rabe and toss well., cook about 4 minutes., season with salt and pepper to taste.in a 5 quart saucepan, add all ingredients., cover and simmer until vegetables are tender about 20 minutes., puree with an immersion blender until smooth.wash the peas and drain., in a large pot or dutch oven, saute onions and garlic in 2 teaspoons of oil over medium heat until soft, about 4 to 5 minutes., add the peas, carrots, ham hock and chicken broth, then cover the pot and let it come to a boil. add salt and pepper to taste., once it boils, reduce heat and cook for about 2 hours, or until the peas are soft and thickened., make sure to check the liquid and consistency. you may need to add hot water if it becomes too thick., remove ham hock, discard the skin and boned and serve with ham.about 2 hours before cooking, prepare all ingredients. cut up the chicken breasts and put in a resealable plastic bag with paprika, 6 tablespoons olive oil, and kosher salt. seal the bag and shake to be sure all of the chicken is well coated., cook the lobsters, one at a time, in a very large pot in 8 quarts of boiling, salted water for 10 minutes each. remove the lobsters and reserve 4 quarts of the cooking liquid. shell the lobsters. keep the small claws whole, if you can, and cut the rest into large pieces. return the bodies to the 5 quarts water and continue gently simmering for the broth., in a large, shallow baking pan on a hot stove, add the remaining 10 tablespoons of the olive oil. saute the chicken in the olive oil until brown. add the chorizo and cook for 5 minutes. add the onion and garlic and cook for several minutes longer. add the shrimp and scallops and cook for 10 minutes. add the peas, mussels, red and green peppers, tomatoes, and 6 cups of the reserved lobster broth. add lobster meat and sprinkle the rice evenly overall., in a small bowl, mix together the brandy and the ground saffron. add 6 more cups of broth and brandy mixed with saffron. cover pan and cook for 10 to 15 minutes until rice is al dente and all water is absorbed. if you need more broth, add to it. season with freshly ground black pepper to taste. before serving squeeze lemon over all., arrange on platter artfully, with mussels around the sides and shrimp poking out.line a 9inch pie plate with half of the pastry. brush the inside with some of the egg white. skin the pieces of the breast and other meat if necessary and parboil them gently in salted water for 10 to 15 minutes. drain and cool. in a mixing bowl, combine the minced beef, suet, salt and pepper to taste, the egg yolks and half of the spice mixture. add the rest of the spices to the dried fruit in another bowl. slice the parboiled meat., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the beef stock to the rice flour or corn flour in small saucepan and cream them together. stir in the remaining stock and stir over gentle heat until thickened. remove from the heat and set aside. cover the bottom of the lined pastry pan with half of the minced mixture. arrange the sliced meat in a layer over the top. scatter the chopped spiced fruit over it and cover the remaining minced meat. pour the thickened stock over the top. roll out the remaining pastry into a round to make a lid for the pie. brush the rim of the case with a little more egg white and cover with the lid. press the edges to seal, and make escape slits for steam. decorate with the pastry trimmings and glaze with the egg white. bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 325 degrees f and bake for 45 to 50 minutes. remove from the oven and cool slightly before serving. slice into individual pieces and serve warm or at room temperature.line a 9inch pie plate with half of the pastry. brush the inside with some of the egg white. skin the pieces of the breast and other meat if necessary and parboil them gently in salted water for 10 to 15 minutes. drain and cool., in a mixing bowl, combine the minced beef, suet, salt and pepper, the egg yolks, and half of the spice mixture. add the rest of the spices to the dried fruit in another bowl. slice the parboiled meat., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the beef stock to the rice flour or corn flour in small saucepan and cream them together. stir in the remaining stock and stir over gentle heat until thickened. remove from the heat and set aside. cover the bottom of the lined pastry pan with half of the minced mixture. arrange the sliced meat in a layer over the top. scatter the chopped spiced fruit over it and cover the remaining minced meat. pour the thickened stock over the top., roll out the remaining pastry into a round to make a lid for the pie. brush the rim of the case with a little more egg white and cover with the lid. press the edges to seal, and make escape slits for steam. decorate with the pastry trimmings and glaze with the egg white. bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 325 degrees f and bake for 45 to 50 minutes. remove from the oven and cool slightly before serving. slice into individual pieces and serve warm or at room temperature.butterfly each shrimp by cutting along the back, through the shell, to remove the black vein. rinse, then spread each shrimp wide open, leaving the shell on. sprinkle with salt and the freshly ground black pepper. set aside for 12 hour. in a large, heavy pan, with a tightfitting lid  preferably a large wok  heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. season the chicken thighs well with salt and pepper, then add them to the hot oil, skinside down. cook for 2 minutes, or until the skin just begins to brown. add the chorizo slices, and toss them with the chicken. cook for 1 minute. add the shallots, garlic and string beans. mix well. add the rice and half of the parsley, stirring to coat the rice thoroughly with oil. add the chicken stock, saffron and paprika. stir well. bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes. lift the cover, embed the shrimp in the top part of the rice, then scatter the snails around the shrimp. if you are using the red pepper, cut it into 8 strips and arrange it in the rice in a decorative pattern. cover, and cook for 10 minutes more, or until almost all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is just cooked. serve at the table out of the cooking vessel, sprinkling the portions with the remaining parsley.for the soup in a large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat and add onion, leek, celery, thyme, garlic, bacon, and bay leaf. sweat the mixture over mediumlow heat without allowing it to color at all, stirring occasionally, for 5 or 6 minutes or until very tender. add potatoes, stock, and cream. liquid should cover potatoes if it does not, add a little water. bring mixture to a simmer and cook, partially covered, for about 20 minutes, until potatoes are tender. puree mixture in a blender and add creme fraiche. push the soup through a fine strainer into a clean saucepan and season, to taste, with salt and white pepper. cover and set aside., for the knish preheat oven to 400 degrees f. cut puff pastry sheet into 4 3inch circles and 4 4inch circles. in medium saucepan, combine potato with milk and water and bring to a simmer over medium high heat. simmer, partially covered, for about 20 minutes or until potato is tender. drain., meanwhile, in small saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat and add onion. saute 3 to 4 minutes, until softened, then remove from heat and stir in parsley. put potato through a food mill or mash with a masher or hand blender and stir in butter and parsley mixture. season, to taste, with salt and pepper., rinse a large baking sheet with cold water. set the 4 smaller circles of puff pastry on baking sheet and mound about 2 tablespoons of mashed potato in center of each circle, leaving edges clear for attaching pastry tops. brush edges of circles with a little beaten egg. score each of the 4 larger circles with the back of a knife in a lattice pattern, and using a 14inch aspic or biscuit cutter, cut a small circular vent hole in the center. form these circles into domes with hands and fit over the mashed potatoes, pressing down firmly around eggwashed edges to form a good seal. brush knishes with remaining beaten egg and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until puffed and golden., assembly place a knish in each of 4 heated soup bowls. reheat soup gently, if necessary, and ladle some hot soup into each bowl around the knish. or if you prefer, you can serve the knish on the side.combine first 6 ingredients., fill pita halves with cheese, lettuce and chicken mixture., substitute, substitute a fresh pear for the apple., how to toast nuts, toasting nuts adds crunch and intensifies their flavor. to toast nuts in the oven, spread nuts in single layer in shallow baking pan. bake at 350 degrees f for 8 to 10 min. or until golden brown, stirring occasionally. to toast nuts on the stovetop, place nuts in ungreased skillet. cook on medium heat until golden brown, stirring frequently. to toast nuts in the microwave, place up to 1 cup of nuts in a microwaveable shallow dish. microwave on high until fragrant and crisp, stirring every 30 sec., serving suggestion, enjoy this delicious sandwich, with its unique blend of flavors, with some cutup crisp fresh vegetables., substitute, prepare using a kraft 2 milk swiss cheese slice.heat oil in large skillet on mediumhigh heat. add chicken cook 6 to 7 min. on each side or until done 165f. remove from skillet cover to keep warm. add peppers and onions to skillet cook 3 to 4 min. or until crisptender, stirring frequently. stir in tomatoes and a.1. return chicken to skillet simmer 3 to 4 min. or until heated through. serve topped with sauce and parsley.toss the chicken breasts in 1 cup tandoori marinade. cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or up to overnight., in a saute pan, heat the vegetable oil, and cook the chicken for about 7 minutes per side, until cooked through. alternately, you can also grill the chicken. remove the chicken from the pan and pour the remaining 1 cup of marinade into the pan and bring to a gentle simmer. stir in the honey and turn off the heat. toss the salad greens with some olive oil, a squirt of lemon juice and salt, and pepper, to taste. serve each chicken breast over a bed of greens and top with the heated tandoori sauce., to make the marinade, put the chiles, fenugreek seeds, coriander seeds, cloves, seeds from cardamom pods cooks note crush the pods to open, remove the seeds and throw away the hulls., paprika, and cinnamon in a saute pan over medium heat until fragrant and toasty, about 5 minutes. stir to avoid burning. pour the mixture into a coffee or spice grinder and grind to a fine powder., throw the garlic and ginger into a food processor or blender and pulse until finely minced, then add the yogurt, oil, and lime juice. process the mixture until as smooth as possible. add the spice powder and process again. season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. keep the marinade in the refrigerator until ready to use.in a large stockpot, saute the onions in the vegetable oil over medium heat until translucent about 5 to 8 minutes. add the carrots and chicken stock, cover the pot, and bring to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. add the celery and simmer another 5 minutes, stirring occasionally., turn off the heat and stir in the pasta. cover the pot and let sit for 20 minutes.melt the butter in a dutch oven set over mediumhigh heat. add the garlic, onions and carrots and cook, stirring often, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. season lightly with salt and pepper., stir in the chicken broth, chard, pasta, green beans, oregano, pasta sauce, cannellini beans, squash, zucchini, 1 cup water, 2 teaspoons salt and several grinds of pepper. bring to a simmer and cook until the pasta is cooked and the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes., divide among 6 bowls and top with the torn basil and parmesan.two or three days before you plan to roast the turkey, combine 3 tablespoons salt, the rosemary, and lemon zest. wash the turkey inside and out, drain it well, and pat it dry with paper towels. sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the salt mixture in the cavity of the turkey and rub the rest on the skin, including under the wings and legs. place the turkey in a shallow dish to catch any drips and wrap the whole dish tightly with plastic wrap. refrigerate for one or two days. the day before you plan to roast the turkey, remove the plastic wrap and leave it in the fridge. the skin will dry out and turn a little translucent., preheat the oven to 450 degrees f. be sure your oven is very clean, place the onion, lemon, and thyme in the cavity. tie the legs together with kitchen string and tie the wings close to the body. brush the turkey with the butter and sprinkle it with salt and pepper., roast the turkey for 45 minutes, placing it in the oven legs first. lower the temperature to 325 degrees f and roast it for about another hour, until 165 degrees f for the breast and 180 degrees in the thigh on an instantread thermometer. remove from the oven, cover the turkey tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest for 20 to 30 minutes., carve the turkey and arrange it on a platter. cover with plastic wrap or aluminum foil and allow the turkey to sit at room temperature for up to 2 hours., to reheat, pour a 14inch layer of the gravy into a large 12 16inch ovenproof serving platter make sure its ovenproof. arrange the turkey artfully on top of the gravy. place the platter uncovered into the oven for 15 to 30 minutes, until the turkey is very hot. serve hot with extra gravy on the side., melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. add the onion and garlic and saute, stirring often, for 15 to 20 minutes, until the onion becomes browned and starts to caramelize. sprinkle on the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 12 minutes. stir in the chicken stock, cognac, sage leaves, bay leaves, 2 teaspoons salt depending on the saltiness of the chicken stock, and 1 teaspoon pepper. bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. set aside at room temperature for 1 hour and strain, pressing the solids lightly and then discarding them. refrigerate until ready to use., after the turkey is cooked, remove it to a carving board to rest while you finish the gravy. place the roasting pan on the stovetop over medium heat and add the wine. bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring and scraping up all the bits clinging to the bottom of the pan. slowly whisk the gravy base into the pan. simmer for about 5 minutes, until the gravy is smooth and slightly thickened. taste for seasonings and serve hot., make it ahead by ina garten clarkson potter 2014. provided courtesy of ina garten. all rights reserved.season chicken with salt and pepper. place in medium bowl. puree achiote paste with orange juice in blender. add to chicken. toss to coat. set aside., melt butter in large saucepan over medium heat. add carrots and celery and saute 5 minutes. add chicken and jalapeno and saute 3 to 5 minutes. gradually whisk in stock. simmer until slightly thickened. combine flour, baking powder and salt in large bowl. whisk eggs in glass measuring cup. add enough milk to measure 34 cup. add chopped cilantro. whisk to blend. add to dry ingredients and stir until blended. drop dumpling mixture by rounded tablespoonfuls into bowl of iced water. using slotted spoon, transfer to chicken mixture. add enough dumplings to cover top of stew. cover and simmer until dumplings are firm to touch, turning occasionally, about 12 minutes. ladle chicken and dumplings into bowls.combine in a food processor achiote paste, olive oil, cumin, coriander, oregano, and the 1tablespoon of garlic. make sure to puree all these ingredients until it becomes a paste. rub the marinade inside the chicken cavities, underneath the skin, as well as, outside. allow the chickens to marinade overnight, refrigerated., next day, heat up a large saute pan. add chorizo and cook for 5 minutes, until crispy, then add the onion and 4 tablespoons of garlic, and cook for another 2 minutes. add mustard greens and deglaze with chicken stock. cook for 2 minutes until greens have wilted, then add potato, green olives, and season to taste with salt and pepper. once the stuffing has cooled, distribute it equally into the chickens and place them on a sheet with a rack. place in a preheated 375 degree f oven for 1 hour.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., combine in a food processor the achiote paste, olive oil, cumin, coriander, oregano, and 1 tablespoon garlic. make sure to puree all these ingredients until it becomes a paste. rub the marinade inside the cornish hen cavities, underneath the skin, as well as outside. allow the hens to marinade overnight, refrigerated., next day, heat up a large saute pan. add the chorizo and cook until crispy, about 5 minutes. add the onion and remaining 4 tablespoons garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. add the mustard greens and deglaze with the chicken stock. cook until greens have wilted, about 2 minutes, and then add the potato, green olives, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. once the stuffing has cooled, distribute it equally into the hens and place them on a sheet with a rack. place in the oven for 1 hour.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., combine in a food processor the achiote paste, olive oil, cumin, coriander, oregano, and 1 tablespoon garlic. make sure to puree all these ingredients until it becomes a paste. rub the marinade inside the cornish hen cavities, underneath the skin, as well as outside. allow the hens to marinade overnight, refrigerated., next day, heat up a large saute pan. add the chorizo and cook until crispy, about 5 minutes. add the onion and remaining 4 tablespoons garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. add the mustard greens and deglaze with the chicken stock. cook until greens have wilted, about 2 minutes, and then add the potato, green olives, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. once the stuffing has cooled, distribute it equally into the hens and place them on a sheet with a rack. place in the oven for 1 hour.directions, in a medium saucepan, over mediumlow heat melt the butter. cook the onions until soft and translucent, 12 to 15 minutes. stir in the garlic and tomato and achiote paste and cook an additional 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently. add the chicken stock, salt and black pepper. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring and skimming frequently, 12 to 15 minutes. add the vinegar and cook at end for 2 to 3 minutes. puree in a blender or food processor. store in refrigerator 2 to 3 days.in a medium size stockpot on medium heat, add oil then butter and sweat leeks and onions until translucent. then add potatoes and bouquet garni. stirring the ingredients until you smell the herbs. now add chicken stock and bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer when potatoes are very tender, about 35 to 40 minutes. add ackee and simmer for a few minutes more, then remove bouquet garni. puree soup and season with salt and pepper., in the center of a shallow soup bowl, mound a small portion of the crab salad. gently ladle about 6 to 8 ounces of the soup around the crab mound., mix all the ingredients in bowl., to a blender, add peppers and 1 cup of vinegar and puree. add remaining vinegar, if needed. stir in pimento seeds. store in a bottle or jar in refrigerator.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. cut the squash in half on the equator and remove the seeds with a spoon. cut a flat spot on each end so the squash will sit flat. line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and arrange the squash, cut side up. to 3 of the squash halves, add a peeled shallot and to the other 3 add 2 garlic cloves on each. drizzle with 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with 1 tablespoon each of the salt and freshly cracked pepper. roast in the hot oven until very tender and starting to caramelize and collapse, approximately 1 hour. remove from oven and when cool enough to handle, remove the squash from the skin. reserve the roasted shallots and garlic with the squash. can be done ahead., in a large dutch oven, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter over mediumhigh heat and when the butter is starting to foam, add the raw diced shallots and saute until they are starting to caramelize, about 5 to 6 minutes. deglaze with 12 cup of the chicken stock and stir to remove any fond. reduce the heat to mediumlow and add in the reserved squash, roasted shallots and garlic and then the remaining chicken stock. stir to combine, then puree with a stick blender. the mixture will be very thick. add in the cayenne, white pepper and the herbs. stir in the cream and worcestershire sauce and heat slowly over mediumlow heat. when the mixture comes to a slow simmer, mix again with the stick blender and stir in 14 cup of the parmesan and turn heat to low. serve with a fresh crack of black pepper, a nice drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and a light sprinkle of remaining parmesan. ladle into soup bowls and serve.preheat oven to 375 degrees f., cut squash in half lengthwise and remove seeds and fibers. place squash cut side down in a baking dish. pour the stock into the dish. place in the oven and bake for 20 minutes., scoop out the fruit from the apples, leaving a 14 border. remove squash from oven, place apples cut side down in baking dish, fitting them around the squash. return to oven and bake until squash and apples are just tender, about 15 to20 minutes more. turn squash and apples over. dot with butter and brown sugar. return to oven for 10 minutes., remove squash and apples from oven. transfer apples to a warm platter and reserve, covered. scoop squash flesh into a medium bowl. mash with the cream, walnut oil, cinnamon and ginger, adding salt and pepper, to taste. scoop the squash into the apple halves and serve.heat a drizzle of evoo in a saucepot over mediumhigh heat. add the bacon and brown to crisp. then add the garlic and onions and stir to soften, about 3 minutes. add the ketchup, stock, syrup, mustard, worcestershire, vinegar and pepper. stir and simmer to thicken, 20 minutes., heat a drizzle of evoo in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter and melt. add the apples and red onions. season with some salt, pepper and nutmeg. cook to tendercrisp, 5 to 6 minutes. add the chicken and sauce and combine. cool and store for a makeahead meal. reheat over medium heat and serve the bbq chicken, apples and onions on the rolls topped with cheese and pickles.toast the chiles directly over a medium gas flame or in a castiron skillet until soft and brown, turning frequently to avoid scorching. transfer the toasted chiles to a saucepan and add the vinegar and water. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes to soften., transfer the chiles and liquid to a blender or food processor. puree until a smooth paste is formed, adding a tablespoon or two of water if necessary to thin. set aside., heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. saute the onions until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. stir in the garlic and cook briefly just to release the aroma. then stir in the cumin and cook another minute. add the chicken stock and reserved chile paste. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 20 minutes., meanwhile, mix together the brown sugar, orange and lemon juices, tomato paste, salt and pepper to form a paste. add to the simmering stock mixture and continue cooking another 15 minutes. adobo can be stored in the refrigerator 1 week or frozen indefinitely.toast chiles over gas flame until soft and brown, turning frequently. transfer to saucepan. add vinegar and water. bring to boil. reduce heat to simmer and cook until softened, about 10 minutes. transfer to blender or processor. puree until smooth paste forms. heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium high heat. saute until golden brown, about 10 minutes. add garlic and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. add stock and chile mixture. bring to boil. reduce heat to simmer. cook 20 minutes, stirring frequently. mix molasses, orange juice, lemon juice and tomato paste in small bowl until smooth. add to sauce. simmer 15 minutes. season to taste with salt and pepper.for the marinade combine the soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, bay leaf, peppercorns and some salt in a mixing bowl or container. add the chicken and turn to coat. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight., for the adobo glaze in a saucepan over medium heat, heat the olive oil and then saute the garlic, bay leaves and peppercorns until the garlic is golden brown. add the soy sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, ketchup, honey, cayenne pepper, red chili flakes, worcestershire, chipotle peppers and salt to taste. cook for 15 to 20 minutes. mix the cornstarch with water to make a slurry, add to the glaze and continue cooking until glaze thickens. cool down and strain., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., take the marinated chicken and lay them on a sheet pan and par bake for 10 to 12 minutes., heat vegetable oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees f. take the parbaked wings and deep fry for 5 to 6 minutes., toss the freshly deep fried wings with 3 ounces of the adobo glaze.spread mayonnaise onto tortilla., top with remaining ingredients roll up., serving suggestion, serve with 1 cup cutup melon and a cold 8oz. glass of fatfree milk., make ahead, sandwich can be made ahead of time. wrap tightly in plastic wrap, then refrigerate up to 8 hours.for the marinade, combine all ingredients in a blender and puree for two minutes on medium speed. strain marinade through a fine sieve. let chicken breasts sit in marinade, refrigerated, overnight. the following day, on a hot grill, grill the marinated chicken until thoroughly cooked, about 10 to 12 minutes depending on the thickness of the chicken., for the salsa, in a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients and its ready to serve., for the presentation, spoon a serving of the salsa on the plate. cut the grilled chicken breast on an angle and fan out on plate next to salsa.begin by making the arepas. place the corn in the blender and pulse until mostly pureed. in a mixing bowl, combine the pureed corn with the rest of the ingredients and mix until a semidry dough is formed. form the dough into rounds and cook on a flat grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side., to prepare the black beans, fry the bacon in a saucepan until all the fat is rendered. add all of the vegetables and fry until soft. add the black beans and chicken stock and simmer until beans are soft, approximately 2 hours. once the beans have cooked, place the mixture in a blender, puree, and strain. return the beans to the saucepan and cook the puree until it thickens., to make the salsa, heat a large skillet with the olive oil. saute the bacon, chile, and garlic for 1 minute. add the butter, sugar, celery, onions, and peppers, and cook for 15 minutes until everything is caramelized. add the vinegar and all the herbs and spices, and the chicken stock and cook for 5 minutes. add the diced tomatoes and allow to cook for another 15 minutes. check the sauce for seasonings and set aside once cooked., for the adobo, toast the chiles on a flat grill and then soak them in hot water for 20 minutes. place the chiles in a blender with 2 tablespoons of the soaking liquid and puree. add the garlic, onion, peppercorns, marjoram, oregano, thyme, and cumin and blend again and set aside. puree the roasted tomatoes and reserve. using a saute pan, melt the butter and fry the pureed chile mixture for 4 minutes. add the tomato puree and cook for another 4 minutes. add the red wine vinegar and simmer for 25 minutes or until slightly thickened., to assemble dish, saute the arepas until golden brown. coat the lobster tails with the adobo and grill until done, approximately 5 minutes. heat the refried beans, place the beans between 2 arepas, and then place it in the center of a plate. surround the arepas with the hot creole salsa, and place the lobster tail on top of the bean filled arepas. garnish with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar and fried cilantro.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., place a small dish of water next to your work surface. to make the tortilla bowls, place 4 empty 15ounce cans, open side down, on a baking pan. using a pastry brush, soften the tortillas by brushing both sides with a little water, and then brush with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. drape the tortillas over the cans and bake until firm, about 5 to 7 minutes. using tongs, turn the tortilla bowls right side up, discard the cans, and continue to bake until golden and crisp, another 4 minutes., heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. add the onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 4 minutes. stir in the garlic and cook until its fragrant, about 1 minute. season with salt and pepper. add the tomatoes, chipotles with adobo sauce, and 12 cup water, cooking until slightly thick, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. mix in the beans and cook until heated through, season with salt and pepper. remove from the heat., place the tortilla bowls right side up on plates and fill each with a handful of greens. divide the bean mixture between the tortilla bowls and top with a sprinkle of feta. fan the sliced chicken on top and garnish with chopped cilantro. drizzle with a little olive oil and serve with lime wedges., delicioso adobo grilled chicken, combine all of the ingredients in a small glass jar with an airtight lid and shake to blend. store in a cool, dry place for up to 2 weeks., season chicken with the adobo seasoning. heat a grill pan to medium heat and spray with nonstick cooking spray or drizzle with oil. place the chicken on the grill pan and cook for 3 to 5 minutes on each side depending on the size of the breasts., note this recipe for adobo is a staple seasoning for many of my latin recipes. you can make a large batch, store it in an airtight container and use it as a flavor enhancer in your favorite dishes., yield about 12 cup adobo, 6 servings, prep time 5 minutes, cook time 20 minutes, ease of preparation easypreheat grill pan on mediumhigh., to make the patties, combine the chuck, beans, cilantro, onion, garlic, adobo, cumin and seasoned salt and pepper in a large bowl. mix to combine, handling as little as possible. shape into 6 patties. loosely cover with plastic wrap and set aside., to prepare the corn topping, brush grill pan with 1 tablespoon oil. grill 1 ear of corn on grill pan until golden and has grill marks. transfer to cutting board and allow to cool a bit. in a medium bowl, combine red onion, cilantro, chicken stock, pineapple juice, cumin, hot sauce and salt and pepper. cut corn off of cob and toss with mixture. transfer mixture to a sheet of foil and wrap to keep warm., brush grill pan with 1 tablespoon additional oil. place the patties on the pan and cook, turning once, until done to preference, 5 to 7 minutes on each side for medium. remove burgers from pan and place on platter., on each flour tortilla, layer burger, queso fresco and an equal amount of corn topping. fold in sides of tortilla and roll like a burrito, securing with toothpicks. brush grill again with oil. place each tortilla wrapped burger on grill and grill until tortilla is golden brown and crispy., cut in half diagonally. garnish with cilantro leaves. serve immediately.toast dry chiles on a grill, then soak all chiles in warm water for ten minutes. remove them from the water and place them in a food processor with the oregano, white vinegar and chopped garlic. season the turkey breast with salt and pepper. rub it generously with the adobo and let marinade for one day., meanwhile cook the chorizo in a skillet for five minutes until fat has rendered. add onion, carrot, celery and garlic. cook for ten minutes until the vegetables have caramelized. add crumbled cornbread, cilantro, chicken stock and salt and pepper. make sure that the stuffing itself is not dry but at the same time that it is not too wet. add chicken stock slowly and as needed. with a knife make a four inch pocket on the breast and insert stuffing., preheat oven to 350 degrees and place turkey breast on a sheet pan with a rack and cookor l and 12 hours or until the meat thermometer registers 180 degrees. slice pieces and servemix together the salt, granulated garlic, cumin, granulated onion, paprika, black pepper, turmeric and oregano in a small bowl. season both sides of the chicken pieces with salt and pepper and then season with the adobo seasoning mixture., heat 3 tablespoons of oil in a large dutch oven over high heat. place the chicken in the oil skin side down, in batches, if necessary, and saute until golden brown. turn the chicken over and cook until the second side is golden brown. transfer the chicken to into a separate pot with all cooking juices, cover and allow to cook through over medium heat. keep warm., place the browning pan with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil back over high heat. add the onions, green and red peppers and cook until soft. add the tomato powder, garlic and cook for 1 minute., add the rice to the pan, stir to coat the rice in the mixture and cook for 1 minute. add the chicken stock, bay leaf, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. stir well, cover, reduce the heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes., after 10 minutes add the peas to the pot, cover and continue cooking until the rice is tender and the chicken is cooked through, about 8 minutes., remove the pot from the heat and let sit 5 minutes covered. remove the lid, fluff the rice and gently fold in the olives, cilantro, parsley, oregano and squeeze of lime juice. add the chicken and stir to combine.brine the turkey, add 4 cups water, adobo, brown sugar and bay leaves to medium pot over medium heat. cook, stirring, until adobo and sugar dissolve. transfer adobo mixture to container large enough to fit turkey and all of liquid. stir in naranja agria and remaining 16 cups very cold water. submerge turkey in brine, breast sidedown. cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours and up to 16 hours. 2 hours before cooking, remove turkey from brine. discard brine and rinse turkey inside and out with cold water pat dry with paper towels and let come to room temperature., roast the turkey, heat oven to 450 degrees f. place turkey on rack in large roasting pan pat dry once more with paper towels. stuff orange quarters, onion quarters and oregano sprigs into turkey cavity. tie legs together with kitchen twine, tuck wings behind back and tuck excess skin from neck into top cavity. using pastry brush, brush turkey skin with olive oil. pour 2 cups chicken bouillon mixture into bottom of roasting pan. roast turkey 30 minutes baste turkey with pan juices and rotate pan. reduce oven heat to 350f. roast turkey, basting with pan juices every 30 minutes and rotating pan for even cooking as necessary, until skin is dark golden brown and crisp and turkey is cooked through internal temperature registers 165 degrees f when inserted into thickest part of thigh without touching bone, about 3 312 hours, adding remaining chicken bouillon mixture in 1 cup measurements if pan becomes dry and tenting with foil if turkey is browning too quickly. carefully remove rack with turkey from pan loosely tent turkey with foil to keep warm before carving at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. pour pan drippings into large measuring cup remove and discard fat. reserve 4 cups total remaining pan juices and remaining chicken bouillon mixture for gravy., make the gravy, while turkey cooks, heat 2 tbsp. olive oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add onions. cook, stirring occasionally, until coated in oil. reduce heat to lowest setting. cook, stirring occasionally, until onions soften and deeply caramelize, about 3045 minutes. stir in flour set aside in skillet until turkey is cooked., reheat onion mixture in skillet over medium heat and cook until flour starts to brown, about 2 minutes. stir in balsamic vinegar, mixing well. slowly add reserved pan juice mixture, stirring constantly to prevent lumps. bring onion mixture to boil cook, stirring occasionally, until gravy thickens, about 57 minutes. transfer gravy to serving boat. or, for smooth gravy, blend until smooth then transfer to serving boat., carve turkey and serve with gravy.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., heat the oil in heavy, medium saucepan over medium heat. add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and cook for 3 minutes longer. add the chiles and cook until darkened on both sides, about 1 minute. add the broth and bring to boil. continue boiling until the chiles are soft, about 5 minutes. transfer the mixture to blender and puree. season with salt and pepper., preheat a grill or large grill pan over mediumhigh heat., meanwhile, rub the adobo mixture all over the chicken, using about half of the adobo. sear the chicken, breastside down, until grill marks appear, about 6 minutes. brush some adobo sauce on the other side of the chicken. turn the chicken breastside up, place in a baking pan and transfer to the oven. cook the chicken, basting with the extra adobo sauce every 20 minutes, until a meat thermometer registers an inner temperature of 165 degrees f, about 40 minutes. serve with corn tortillas to prepare tacos and lime wedges.directions, for the marinade combine all ingredients to form a paste., for the steak salt and pepper the meat. rub liberally with adovado marinade. grill to desired temperature., recipe courtesy janos wilder, j bar, tuscan, azwash chicken quarters and dry using a clean cloth or paper towel. prick chicken all over with a sharp kitchen knife and place in a bowl. mix lime juice, ginger, garlic, cream, cardamom, cashew nut paste, salt, pepper, and oil together in a medium bowl. rub chicken all over with lime mixture. transfer to a baking dish or large shallow bowl and marinate for 2 to 4 hours in the refrigerator., preheat a grill to medium. grill chicken quarters for about 25 minutes or until fully cooked, turning pieces over halfway through cooking.saute onions until translucent in a large saucepan. add chicken pieces and saute until golden but not necessarily cooked through. add coconut milk and stock and bring to a simmer. once the liquid is simmering, add the peanut butter a spoonful at a time and keep stirring until it is well incorporated. the sauce should be fairly thick stew like, not soup like, so you may need to add more peanut butter or loosen with water depending upon the ingredients you use. add chopped collardsgreens and cook until very wilted. season, to taste, with chili pastesambal oelek and salt., serve over rice or other starch., traditional african stiff porridge would be served on the side and used to dip into the sauce with ones hands. pull off a piece the size of a meatball, use your thumb to make an impression in the porridge and use the divet to scoop up the stew and pop it into your mouth enjoy.heat 2 tablespoons of peanut oil in a large dutch oven or stockpot over mediumhigh heat. add curry powder and cook, stirring constantly for 1 minute. add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes. add garlic and cook for 1 more minute. stir in sweet potatoes, chicken broth and tomatoes, and bring soup to a boil. simmer, covered, 20 to 30 minutes., in a large skillet, heat the remaining teaspoon of peanut oil. add the turkey and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon to break up any clumps until cooked through. season with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. drain on paper towels., add cooked ground turkey, the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, cayenne, peanut butter, and coconut milk to the soup, stirring to combine. bring mixture to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.in a large heavy pot, brown chicken in hot peanut oil. add 1 chopped onion and stir until golden brown. peel tomatoes if you wish, then chop into chunks. thin tomato paste with 12 cup of water, and add tomatoes and tomato paste to the pot., boil 4 cups of water and add to the pot with the vegesal. while the mixture boils gently, thin peanut butter with some of the hot pot liquid and stir it in gradually. reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes., begin adding vegetables, letting each simmer for 5 minutes or so before adding the next one. cook until chicken and all the vegetables are tender. crush or grind the second onion with the hot pepper. add during the last 10 minutes of cooking., the recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the food networks kitchens. therefore, the food network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes.for the broth preheat the oven to broil. place the onion and ginger on a baking sheet and broil until blackened on top, about 10 minutes., cook the bacon in a large pot over low heat until all of the fat is rendered out and the bacon is crisp, about 10 minutes. put the roasted onion and ginger, the garlic, green onions, leek, broth, soy sauce, mirin and salt into the pot. simmer for 2 to 3 hours, while you cook your pork belly. strain to serve., for the pork belly preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. sprinkle the belly with the salt, sugar and pepper. throw the seasoned belly in a roasting pan and pour the sake over it. roast for 1 hour 30 minutes, and then bring the heat up to 450 degrees f and let it caramelize. it should be tender but not mushy., let the belly cool to room temperature. wrap it up tight in plastic and put it in the fridge until its thoroughly chilled through. at that point, slice it into nice, thick slabs. set aside for ramen., to assemble the ramen cook the ramen noodles according to package instructions. place the noodles into a bowl, followed by pork belly and top with broth. add whatever toppings you likecurried squash place sliced squash, onion, and garlic into a saucepan and sweat with grapeseed oil. stir in curry powder, add lime leaves, coconut milk, and stock. simmer for 5 to 8 minutes. remove lime leaves and blend. finish by seasoning with ginger juice, salt, and ground cumin. chill., chayote slaw toss all ingredients together and season with salt., ahi poke toss together in a bowl. chill., coconut cream reduce cream. add milk and reduce. add toasted coconut. chill., ahi tuna char the tuna loin in a wok, remove from a pan, and let rest. place poke, charred tuna sliced and slaw in a bowl. pour in squash puree and garnish with coconut cream and basil.for the wings in a medium bowl, combine all of the spices and reserve 2 tablespoons of the mixture. rinse and pat the wings dry and rub them with the spice mix. refrigerate, loosely covered, for 1 to 2 hours., grill method preheat the grill to medium. grill the wings on direct heat until the wings are good and crispy, 15 to 25 minutes. finish them over indirect heat, turning after 15 to 20 minutes, and turning as further needed., oven method preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. line a baking sheet with a small cooling rack, preferably nonstick. arrange the wings on the rack and bake for 45 to 55 minutes, turning halfway through., for the sauce while the wings are cooking, in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the butter and when foaming, add the garlic and jalapeno. saute for 1 minute, stirring constantly. add the reserved 2 tablespoons of spice mix, and then the bottle of hot sauce. bring to a simmer, and then add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, vinegar, and lime juice. hold warm. when ready to serve, add the wings to a large bowl and pour in the sauce. toss to coat and serve.in a medium bowl, combine all of the spices. remove and reserve 2 tablespoons of the mixture. rinse the wings and pat dry. add the wings to bowl with the spice mixture and stir to coat well. loosely cover and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours., preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat with direct and indirect heat or preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., for the grill cook the wings over direct heat until they are good and crispy, about 15 to 25 minutes. turn them over and put them on indirect heat, turning frequently, as needed., oven method line a baking sheet with a nonstick wire rack. arrange the wings on the rack and bake them for 45 to 55 minutes, turning halfway through., while the wings are grilling, in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, garlic and jalapeno. saute for 1 minute, stirring constantly. add the reserved 2 tablespoons of the spice mixture and 12 ounces of hot sauce. bring to a simmer, add the butter, vinegar and lime juice. hold warm until ready to serve., when ready to serve, add the wings to a large serving bowl, pour in the sauce and toss.for the chicken combine the buttermilk, worcestershire sauce and paprika in a resealable plastic bag. add the chicken, making sure it is completely coated. seal the bag and place in a bowl. let marinate at room temperature for 1 hour., meanwhile, stir together the panko with the parmesan, olive oil and 1 teaspoon salt in a shallow baking dish or pie plate., for the dipping sauce stir together the mayonnaise, yellow mustard, honey and dijon in a small bowl and set aside., preheat a 3.5quart air fryer to 390 degrees f. remove 1 piece of chicken at a time from the bag, shaking off excess buttermilk. place in the panko and press gently with your hands to adhere the panko evenly. gently shake to remove the excess and place in the air fryer basket. repeat with enough chicken to fill the basket about 4 pieces and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 7 minutes on each side. repeat with the remaining chicken and serve warm with the dipping sauce.spray the basket of a 3.5quart air fryer with cooking spray and set aside. pat the chicken wings dry and sprinkle generously with salt. place the wings in the fryer basket so they are not touching if necessary to fit, line up the drumettes standing upright along the sides. set the air fryer to 360 degrees f and cook for 12 minutes, then flip the wings with tongs and cook for 12 minutes more. flip the wings again, increase the heat to 390 degrees f and cook until the outsides are extracrispy, about 6 minutes more., meanwhile, warm the butter in a microwavesafe bowl in the microwave until melted, about 1 minute. whisk in the hot sauce., toss the wings with the butter mixture to coat in a large bowl and serve with dressing on the side.in a large heavybottomed pot, pour in enough oil to fill the pot about a third of the way. heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 350 degrees f., line a sheet tray with a wire cooling rack. slice chicken into 2inch pieces. in a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cayenne, salt and black pepper to taste. in a paper bag, shake together salt, pepper, flour and cornstarch. dip the chicken in batches, first in egg mixture, then in the flour mixture and shake to coat. set on a wire rack and let sit 10 minutes. while chicken is resting, prepare sauce. in a large straight sided saute pan combine orange zest, orange juice, brown sugar, butter, hot pepper flakes and worcestershire sauce. stir, bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until thickened, 5 to 8 minutes. carefully place chicken in hot oil and fry until golden and crispy, 5 to 8 minutes. transfer to the saute pan with the sauce and toss until evenly coated. remove to a serving platter and serve on stormy rice., in a medium saucepan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. add garlic and rice and saute 4 minutes, stirring, so that the rice toasts and the garlic cooks. add the chicken broth to the rice mixture, bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. cover and cook for 15 minutes. remove from heat and let sit covered another 5 minutes. stir in the peanuts, scallions, and salt and pepper, to taste. rice can be made 1 day ahead, then warmed and combined with other ingredients before serving.place chicken in a large pot and fill with water to halfway up sides of bird. add leek, onion, carrot, tomato, salt, peppercorns and bay leaves. cover, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 45 minutes, or until chicken is done. remove chicken and place in a bowl until cool enough to remove the meat from the bones and shred into bitesize pieces. meanwhile, strain broth and reserve 4 cups., soak the bread in the milk. heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. add the onions and saute until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. add the garlic and cumin and saute for 1 more minute. add softened bread and aji or chile powder, and cook for about 1 minute, stirring. for a creamier sauce, place onionbread mixture in a blender, puree until smooth and return to skillet. add 2 cups of the chicken stock and continue cooking until sauce thickens and coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes., add the chicken and simmer for 5 to 8 more minutes, adding more stock if needed. stir in the walnuts and parmesan cheese, and simmer gently for another 5 minutes, or until thickened slightly. to serve, spoon chicken and sauce onto a serving platter and surround with potatoes and eggs. sprinkle with chopped parsley.in a 5quart pot, combine the chicken, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 8 cups water to cover. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and skim any foam or impurities from the top. add the onion, garlic, bay leaf, cilantro stems and scallion whites. simmer, partially covered, until the chicken is tender and releases easily when pierced with a knife, 35 to 40 minutes. transfer the chicken to a bowl to cool, about 10 minutes., meanwhile make the aji sauce in a food processor, combine the scallion greens, hot sauce, tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 cup of the cilantro leaves and pulse to a coarse sauce. set aside. alternatively, the ingredients can be chopped by hand and stirred to combine., add the potatoes to the soup along with 1 14 teaspoons salt. cover, bring back to a simmer and simmer another 10 minutes., meanwhile, remove the chicken meat from the bones and shred with your hands or 2 forks discard the bones and skin. set aside., add the corn to the soup and cook until the corn and potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife, 3 to 4 minutes. add the chicken meat back to the soup and return the soup to a simmer. add salt if needed., divide the soup among 6 bowls and serve with sliced avocado, sour cream, capers, aji sauce and remaining cilantro leaves.drain and rinse the tasajo. place into a large pot, cover with fresh water and cook until almost tender. add the pork cubes and cook until both meats are completely tender. drain the meat, reserving 8 cups of the cooking liquid., in a tall stockpot, add all the vegetables, except for the pumpkin and the yellow plantain, all the meat stocks, bay leaves and cumin. cook for approximately 30 minutes and add the pumpkin and yellow plantain. cook for 15 minutes. allow it to rest for a few minutes. add salt and white pepper to taste.slice off the bottom of the pineapple and stand it upright. remove the rind in large pieces, cutting deep enough to remove all the prickles reserve the rind. quarter the pineapple and remove the core. roughly chop half of the pineapple reserve the other half for the pineapplejalapeno salsa., to a blender, add the orange juice, vinegar, cumin, salt, oregano, smoked paprika, garlic, chipotles and adobo sauce, the roughly chopped sweet onion and the chopped pineapple. blend until smooth. place the pork butt in a large resealable plastic bag and add the marinade. seal and refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. set a large dutch oven over high heat and add enough canola oil to cover the bottom. remove the meat from the marinade and wipe off the excess. add to the pot and sear on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes per side. pour in the chicken stock and the marinade from the bag the liquid should come halfway up the meat add a little water if required. bring to a simmer, then place the reserved pineapple rinds, skinside up, over the top to cover. place, uncovered, in the oven and cook until the rinds are deep brown and the pork is forktender, 2 12 to 3 hours tent with foil if necessary., discard the rinds and roughly chop the meat into 14 to 12inch pieces. toss with a little braising liquid and keep warm., serve the pork in warm corn tortillas. garnish with finely diced onion, cilantro, pineapplejalapeno salsa and cotija. serve with a squeeze of lime., in a medium mixing bowl, combine the pineapple, onion, cilantro, jalapeno, lime juice, salt and chile and mix well. allow to sit for 10 to 20 minutes before serving so that all the flavors meld together.to a blender, add the orange juice, vinegar, chili powder, garlic, salt, cumin, paprika, chiles, adobo sauce, chopped onions and chopped pineapple. blend until smooth. pour the marinade into a large resealable bag, and add the pork butt and oregano. refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., remove the pork butt from the marinade and set onto a rack set in a roasting pan. pour the chicken stock into the bottom of the pan and cover the dish with foil. roast until an internal thermometer reads 185 degrees f, about 4 hours., increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees f and cook for an additional 20 minutes to caramelize the pork. remove from the oven and rest for 20 to 25 minutes., meanwhile, preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. brush the pineapple wedges with vegetable oil, grill 2 to 3 minutes per side, and once cool enough to handle chop into a small dice., when ready to serve, carve the meat into 14 to 12inch slices. serve the pork in warmed corn tortillas garnish with the remaining finely diced white onion, cilantro, lime wedges, diced grilled pineapple and roasted tomatillo avocado salsa., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., toss the tomatillos with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and place on a baking sheet. roast until nicely charred, about 10 minutes. remove from the oven and set aside to cool., combine the tomatillos, 14 cup water, cumin, salt, avocado, garlic, jalapenos, onions, lime juice and cilantro in a blender and puree until completely smooth. place in the refrigerator and allow the sauce to settle before serving.butter and toast the burger bun. pile on the chicken, cole slaw, sauce and pickles and enjoy, preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., place salt, pepper, cayenne, paprika, garlic powder and onion powder in a bowl and whisk until incorporated. sprinkle over chicken and rub evenly save remainder of the rub for another use., put chicken in pan with a lid and roast, covered, until it reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees f, about 1 hour and 15 minutes., let chicken rest 15 minutes, then remove skin and set aside. pick meat from the bones into bitesize pieces. chop skin and mix with the chicken., place mayonnaise, pepper sauce, sugar, garlic powder and black pepper in a bowl and whisk until incorporated. refrigerate to chill about 20 minutes. add the cabbages and carrots and mix with hands until coated., place mayonnaise, horseradish, vinegar, pepper, salt, sugar and cayenne in a bowl and whisk until incorporated.mix meat, egg, masa harina, salt, pepper, and vinegar in a bowl. knead the ingredients and then make meatballs, about the size of a ping pong balls. set aside., in a large wide pot or dutch oven, melt lard and add the flour and brown lightly to make a roux. then add the chicken stock, green onions, chile, chopped tomatoes, tomato sauce, and garlic. bring to a boil, then simmer for 15 minutes., while the broth is simmering, drop each meatball into the broth and cook 30 minutes., serve with mint and cilantro.combine masa harina with warm water. mix ground meat with prepared masa, salt, pepper, garlic. make meatballs about 1inch round, about the size of a walnut. set aside., in medium saute pan heat 2 tablespoons lard or oil over medium heat. add 1 whole garlic clove. let cook for 20 seconds, press with back of a cooking spoon to release the flavor. remove the garlic. set aside., brown the flour in the lard until dark golden color, about 1 minute. heat stock in soup pot or large dutch oven until warm and add flour mixture. bring to a boil and lower heat to simmer stock for 5 minutes. taste and correct seasoning., heat remaining 2 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil in large frying pan, add chopped scallion, tomato, chiles and the reserved 2 garlic cloves, minced, stir well to combine. cook for 2 minutes and add to stock. add cilantro and mint and simmer for another 5 minutes. add the meatballs to the stock and simmer over low fire for 15 minutes or until done.make the sauce position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees f. cut off the top of each head of garlic, then wrap individually in foil. toss the tomatoes on a rimmed baking sheet with 1 tablespoon olive oil and a pinch of salt. toss the onions, poblanos and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil on another baking sheet. roast the garlic, tomatoes, onions and poblanos, switching the pans halfway through, until the vegetables have softened and are browned in spots, about 45 minutes. remove any vegetables early if theyre getting too charred., squeeze the garlic cloves out of their skins. remove the skin and seeds from the poblanos set aside the poblanos and half each of the roasted garlic and onions for the albondigas. puree the tomatoes, the remaining garlic and onions and the chopped chipotles in a blender, scraping down the sides as needed., reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees f. melt the lard in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. add the roasted vegetable puree and cook until reduced by about half, 8 to 10 minutes. pour in the stock, reduce the heat to medium and cook until slightly thickened and smooth, about 10 minutes. gradually stir in the butter until incorporated add the adobo seasoning and season with salt and pepper. keep warm., while the sauce is simmering, make the albondigas pulse the carrot in a food processor until finely chopped. add the reserved roasted poblanos, remaining roasted garlic and onions, chipotle puree, hot sauce, eggs, cotija and cilantro and pulse until evenly and thoroughly mixed., in a large mixing bowl, combine the beef, carrot mixture, panko, masa harina, adobo seasoning, 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper. mix well with your hands do not overwork the meat., form the meat mixture into 1 12inch balls about 40. arrange on 2 baking sheets and bake until browned and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. toss into the sauce., to assemble the tacos, heat up the tortillas on a griddle, then spread some chipotle mayonnaise on each. top with 2 or 3 meatballs and a little of the sauce. garnish with the pickled onions, queso fresco and cilantro., pickled onions, combine 34 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 whole cloves, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon each dried oregano and pepper and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a medium saucepan. bring to a boil, then add 1 thinly sliced large red onion separated into rings. return to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and cook until the onion softens, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the heat, cover and let the mixture cool completely. refrigerate in a covered container for at least 2 hours and up to 2 weeks.polenta, in a heavy bottomed saucepan, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. add garlic, shallots, rosemary, and red pepper and saute until vegetables are tender. add all liquid and bring to a boil. slowly pour in polenta, whisking constantly. continue to stir for about 3 to 5 minutes and then add parmesan and parsley and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. pour onto a halfsheet pan and cool. you can make the polenta the day before and store in refrigerator., cut cooled polenta into 4 by 4inch squares and then cut each in half to make triangles. when ready to prepare salmon, lightly oil a flat grill or grill pan when hot, place polenta triangles in pan and brown on both sides, in batches as needed., ragout, heat olive oil in a large skillet and add garlic and onions. saute until golden brown, then add mushrooms and saute until tender. deglaze with white wine. reduce until little liquid remains and then stir in 2 tablespoons cold butter. season, to taste, with salt and pepper. keep warm until ready to serve., salmon, heat a grill or grill pan. lightly oil the salmon fillets and season with salt and pepper. place on grill, skin side up, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. flip over and cook for 3 to 4 more minutes. remove from grill and serve promptly with a portion of the ragout and 2 polenta triangles per person.preheat the oven to 500 degrees f., in a small saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. add shallots and saute 1 minute. season with a pinch of salt. add lemon juice, wine, stock and cream. simmer over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes, until reduced to about 2 tablespoons., lower the heat and whisk in the remaining butter 1 tablespoon at a time, adding each piece when the previous one is almost melted., add hot sauce and season with salt and pepper to taste. strain the sauce through a fine sieve, into a bowl. cover to keep warm until ready to serve., mix together the mustard powder, salt, and pepper. brush the top of the salmon fillets with the melted butter. season both sides with the mustard mixture and set aside., put the soaked shingles in the oven, directly on the racks, for about 3 to 5 minutes until the wood is lightly browned on top. carefully take the shingles out of the oven and place them on a heatproof surface., turn on the oven broiler., immediately brush the shingles with a thin layer of olive oil and lay the salmon fillets, skinned side down, on the browned side of each shingle. place the shingles under the broiler and cook the fish for about 5 to 7 minutes, until firm but not dry. remove the fillets to a platter or serve directly from the shingles., just before serving, stir the parsley and grated eggs into the reserved warm egg sauce. fold in chives and caviar if using. top the fillets with the egg sauce and a sprinkling of chives, and a dollop of caviar if using.trim excess fat from chicken parts and cut breasts in half so that all the pieces will cook in roughly the same amount of time. season the chicken generously with salt and pepper. heat vegetable oil in a large, ovenproof pot such as a dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. brown chicken on all sides, about 5 minutes per side, then set aside on a plate and reserve. add the onions and garlic and cook a couple minutes to sweat them down a little. add the ale and deglaze the bottom of the pot. add the tomato paste and canned tomatoes and stir well until tomato paste is dissolved. add carrots, thyme, and plums. return the chicken to the pot along with any reserved juices. gently submerge the chicken pieces by nestling them into liquid this will cook them evenly without drying them out., return to medium heat and bring to a simmer. reduce heat to low, cover, and continue to simmer on low for 1 12 hours until chicken is cooked through and starting to fall off the bone.in a large pot, brown meat in shortening. drain or rinse meat and return meat to chili pot. add onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon new mexico chili powder, 2 tablespoons california chili powder, chili powder, tomato sauce, and beef and chicken broths. bring to a boil and then reduce heat and simmer for approximately 1 12 hours., add new mexico hot chili powder, 1 tablespoon california chili powder, 2 tablespoons new mexico chili powder, 12 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons cumin, and seasoning salt. simmer for an additional 30 minutes. add 2 more tablespoons california chili powder, 2 tablespoons new mexico chili powder, 2 tablespoons cumin, and 1 teaspoon garlic powder. add water to reach desired consistency and then simmer for 30 minutes. add remaining 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, and 14 teaspoon garlic powder. taste, and adjust seasoning with hot sauce and salt. simmer for 15 more minutes and then serve.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. generously grease the bottom and sides of a 9by13inch casserole dish with butter., spread the rotini in an even layer in the bottom of the prepared dish. scatter the shrimp over top and dot with the cubes of butter. pour in the broth, then sprinkle with the red pepper flakes, garlic, lemon zest, 2 teaspoons salt and some black pepper. cover with aluminum foil and bake until the pasta is al dente, about 25 minutes., meanwhile, in a small bowl, toss together the parmesan and parsley. when the pasta is done, stir in the warm cream and top with the cheese mixture.in a 2quart saucepot, combine all the ingredients except ice and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. remove from heat and let sit for 10 minutes. transfer the brine to a container and add ice. let the ice completely melt before adding your meat to the brine.rub tri tip with salt, granulated garlic, pepper and worchester. let sit for 20 to 30 minutes then grill until medium rare., in a medium saute pan over medium high heat, heat olive oil, add onions, peppers, and sausage. cook for 10 minutes or until onions are translucent. add garlic, cook for 2 minutes, then deglaze with wine and chicken stock. simmer, and add paprika, celery salt, and chili powder., cut bread in half length ways, remove some of bread from center, and toast lightly., after tri tip has been cooked, slice on a bias as thin as possible., place cooked onion and pepper mixture on bottom piece of bread, slice italian sausage into 6 slices per link. add all sausage slices to onion mixture on bread, add sliced tri tip, top with provolone cheese and add hot pickled veggies. top with top crust of bread and slice into 2 inch slices, in a large pot of boiling water, blanch vegetables. add half of the garlic and the salt and peppercorns. start with carrot, boil 30 seconds, add in cauliflower, boil 30 seconds, add celery boil 15 seconds, then add anaheim peppers, bell peppers and red onion time 15 seconds more. immediately remove all from water and immediately put in ice bath. discard peppercorns and garlic., in a large jar, add the uncooked garlic, olive oil, red pepper flakes, cracked pepper, salt, sugar and one cup of the vinegar. chop the cooled blanched vegetables into dice. in a bowl combine the olives, pepperoncinis and the diced vegetables. add the mix to the jar with the seasonings, cap and shake to combine seasonings into mix. top with additional red wine vinegar to cover mix if necessary. refrigerate 24 hours. will keep for 23 weeks under refrigeration.1. sprinkle chicken pieces with salt and pepper. set aside., 2. in large skillet cook onion in butter over medium heat about 3 minutes or until softened. add garlic. cook and stir for 1 minute more. stir in kelloggsreg allbranreg original cereal, broth, lime juice, cilantro and lime peel., 3. spread cereal mixture on one side of each chicken piece. tightly roll up. place, seam side down, in 13 x 9 x 2inch baking dish coated with cooking spray. bake at 350 degrees f about 30 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink. for food safety, internal temperature of the chicken should reach at least 165 degrees f. diagonally cut into thick slices. arrange on serving plates., for more great recipes, visit www.kelloggs.com., reg, trade, copy 2010 kellogg na co.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. spray an 18by13inch sheet pan with cooking spray., melt the butter with the thyme in small saucepan over medium heat. whisk in the flour and cook, stirring, until a sandy consistency, about 1 minute. pour in the chicken broth, whisking constantly until smooth. stir in 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of black pepper and bring to a boil. lower the heat and simmer gently until thickened and the flour flavor is gone, about 10 minutes., meanwhile, add the chicken, onions, carrots and celery to the prepared sheet pan and toss to combine set aside., stack 2 puff pastry sheets on top of each other on a lightly floured surface. roll the puff pastry out to a 15by15inch square. cut the pastry into 1inch strips so you have 15 strips total. repeat with the remaining 2 puff pastry sheets., pour the gravy over top of the chicken mixture on the sheet pan. arrange the pastry strips over the filling lengthwise, overlapping them slightly so most of the filling is covered. trim any overhang from the edges of the pan. brush the pastry with the egg wash and bake until deep golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes.from 6 hour pork, cook your way through the day with slowcooked, braised, and simmered comfort foods., preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., score the top of the roast in a crosshatch pattern about 34inch apart. rub the salt, pepper, fennel, and thyme into the pork skin and set the pork into a roasting pan. roast about 30 minutes, or until crispy on top. cover the pork tightly with foil and reduce oven to 325 degrees f, and roast about 4 hours., remove the pork from the oven and set onto a cutting board. spoon off most of the fat from the drippings and add the onions, garlic, carrots, celery, bay leaves, salt, and pepper to the pan, and stir to combine. set the roast on top of the vegetables and cover again with foil, roasting for 1 to 1 12 hours more., meanwhile, start on the spicy apple chutney and side dishes., for the spicy apple chutney heat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil in a saucepot over medium to mediumhigh heat. add the onions, chiles, and ginger to the pan and cook to soften, 10 to 12 minutes. add the apples, dark brown sugar, thyme, maple syrup, cider vinegar, lemon juice, a little salt, and nutmeg. cover and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, until a thick sauce forms. adjust the seasoning and transfer to a serving dish., for the sweet potatoes cover the sweet potatoes with water in a pot over mediumhigh heat, bring to a boil, and cook until tender. drain and return to the hot pot. mash the sweet potatoes with orange zest, chicken stock, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. keep warm until ready to serve., for the chard heat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, and saute until just tender, about 5 minutes. keep warm until ready to serve., remove the pork roast to a carving board and cover with the roasting foil to tent. skim the fat again, and then place the roasting pan over mediumhigh heat on the stovetop. deglaze the pan with stock, and wine, and stir for a few minutes with a wooden spoon to scrape up all drippings. strain the sauce and pour it into a serving bowl or gravy boat. serve the pork with the spicy apple chutney, mashed citrus sweet potatoes and sauteed chard.combine lemon juice, mayonnaise, and salt and blend well. toss with chicken, celery and almonds. serve on bread or crisp lettuce.plunge the noodles in hot very hot tap water and let soften for 15 minutes, then drain., in the meantime, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. sprinkle the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper, and then add to the skillet. cook, turning occasionally with tongs, until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes. stir in the ginger and garlic and cook until very fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. stir in the coconut milk, almond butter, 14 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt, and bring to a simmer. stir in the snap peas and cook until the peas are bright green, about 3 minutes. stir in the lime juice and season with salt and pepper., serve the chicken over the rice noodles, sprinkled with chile and cilantro.melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. add the almonds and cook, stirring constantly, until golden and nutty smelling, about 3 minutes. transfer to a small bowl and reserve., melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in the saucepan and add the onions. cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. add the rice and cranberries and cook, stirring, until well coated, about 1 minute. add the chicken broth, 1 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste, and increase the heat to mediumhigh. bring to a boil, then cover and reduce the heat to low. cook until all the liquid has been absorbed, about 18 minutes. take off the heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. stir in half of the reserved almonds and the parsley, and season with salt and pepper. garnish with the remaining toasted almonds.finely chop the almonds in a minichopper or food processor. transfer the nuts to a shallow dish and stir in the paprika. lightly whisk the egg whites in another shallow dish. pat the chicken dry and season both sides with salt and pepper. dip each piece of chicken into the egg, letting the excess fall back into the dish. then press both sides of the chicken into the nuts to coat. place on a baking sheet, cover, and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes to set the crust., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. place rack on a baking sheet., heat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat and add 1 tablespoon of the oil and the butter. place the chicken smoothside down in the pan and then raise the heat to mediumhigh. cook turning once, until the nuts set and turn golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. transfer meat to the prepared pan and bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the sides of the chicken registers 160 degrees f, about 20 minutes., whisk the vinegar, salt, and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. gradually whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth dressing. add the salad greens and toss to coat evenly. divide the salad evenly among 4 plates, top with the chicken and serve.combine the scallions, white wine and 2 tablespoons cream in a saucepan over medium heat and reduce to 14 cup liquid, 5 to 6 minutes., while the sauce is working, beat egg and set chicken into it. combine almonds, bread crumbs, nutmeg, salt and pepper, to taste, in a food processor and grind to combine. cover a plate with plastic wrap to make for easy clean up after breading and pour almond and bread crumb mixture onto it. remove chicken from the egg and coat in the bread crumb mixture., preheat oven to 250 degrees f., heat 3 tablespoons, 3 turns of the pan, oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium to medium high heat. add cutlets and cook 3 minutes on each side, transfer to a plate and cover with foil and keep warm in the oven. repeat with remaining chicken., whisk 2 tablespoons cream into the sauce, a splash. lower the heat on the sauce and whisk the butter into pot until it has incorporated. remove from heat and season with salt and pepper, to your taste., place 2 cutlets on each dinner plate and spoon a little beurre blanc sauce down over top of the cutlets.peel the oranges, leaving no pith, and segment v cut between the membranes. cut the segments into a small dice. reserve the juice for the vinaigrette., peel the carrot and shave on a mandoline with the julienne attachment., peel off the outer leaves of the artichoke. peel the skin at the base. cut the top of the artichoke where the leaves start. remove the choke. cut into 4 wedges. juice half the lemon in a quart of water and add to a saucepot. add the cleaned artichoke and simmer until tender. refresh in cold water and reserve., peel the fennel and shave on a mandolin. hold in acidulated water water to cover with the other half of the lemon squeezed into it until ready to use., heat oil to 350 degrees f., trim the bottom flap, eyes, and lungs of the crabs with a pair of kitchen scissors. reserve., submerge the crabs in the tempura batter. sprinkle the top with the almonds. deepfry until golden brown. drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper. reserve., add the salad to a mixing bowl. season with salt and pepper and 12 of the vinaigrette. arrange in the center of a plate. arrange the crabs atop. make 5 pools of the almond puree around the salad. add the diced blood oranges to the remaining vinaigrette and drizzle around., put the rice flour, salt, and pepper into a mixing bowl and form a well in the center. add the egg yolk and water to the center of the bowl all at once. whisk, starting from the center slowly moving outward, incorporating the dry ingredients. stop mixing when just incorporated. reserve until ready to use in a cold place., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., toast the almonds on a cookie sheet until golden brown. add the butter to a saucepot and cook over mediumhigh heat until golden brown. remove from the heat and add the vinegar, juice, salt, pepper, and nuts. reserve., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., toast the almonds on a cookie sheet until golden brown. add to a saucepot along with the chicken stock and simmer until the nuts are tender. puree in a food processor until smooth. season with salt, pepper, and olive oil. pass through fine strainer. put in a squirt bottle. reserve warm until ready to use.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. toss the kale and apples on a baking sheet with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and 34 teaspoon salt. roast, stirring occasionally,until the apples are tender and the kale is crisp, about 20 minutes., whisk the almond butter with the milk, honey and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. dredge the chicken in flour, coat with the almond butter mixture, then roll in the panko., heat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. panfry the chicken, adjusting the heat as necessary to keep it from burning, until crispy and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. serve with the roasted kale and apples and a squeeze of lemon.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., toss the apple wedges and kale with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and 34 teaspoon salt on a rimmed baking sheet. roast, stirring occasionally, until the apples are tender and the kale is crisp, about 20 minutes., whisk together the almond butter, milk, honey and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl., dredge the chicken in the flour, coat with the almond butter mixture, then roll in the panko breadcrumbs., heat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees f. pan fry the chicken, adjusting the heat as necessary to prevent burning, until crispy and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. serve with the roasted kale and apples and lemon wedges.preheat the oven to 450 f degrees. ten minutes before you are ready to cook the chicken, put a baking sheet in the oven to preheat., finely zest the orange and set the zest aside. cut the top and bottom off of the orange, sit the orange on one end on a cutting board and cut the entire peel and pith off by cutting downward following the shape of the fruit. then, using a paring knife, remove each section of orange from the membrane. set the orange sections aside., in a shallow bowl, whisk the egg white until slightly frothy. in a large shallow bowl or on a plate, combine the orange zest, almonds, and 14 teaspoon each of the salt and pepper. put the flour on a large plate., remove the preheated baking sheet from the oven and spray with cooking spray., dip the chicken breasts, one at a time, first into the flour, shaking off any excess, then into the egg white, and then coat with the almond mixture and place on the baking sheet. spray the top of the chicken with cooking spray. bake for 6 minutes, turn and bake for 6 minutes more, until the chicken is cooked through and the coating is golden., while the chicken is cooking, combine the fennel, arugula and orange sections in a large bowl. in a small bowl whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, and remaining 14 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. pour the dressing over the salad and toss to coat., to serve, place one large or two small chicken cutlets on each plate and top with a mound of the salad.in a medium saucepan, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. stir in the onion and almonds. cook for 5 to 7 minutes or until the onion is softened and the almonds are golden, stirring occasionally. add the rice cook and stir for 1 minute. slowly stir in the broth and add the salt and the pepper, to taste. bring to a boil. cover, reduce heat to low, simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. fluff with a fork and garnish with parsley.in a saucepan, bring pineapple juice, broth, orange juice and butter to a boil. stir in rice and seasoning packet. bring to a boil., cover tightly and reduce heat to mediumlow to low. simmer until all liquid is absorbed, about 25 minutes., fluff rice with a fork, stir in almonds and serve.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., put the almonds in a minichopper or food processor and pulse until finely chopped. transfer to a shallow dish and stir in the pimenton. lightly whisk the egg whites in another shallow dish. pat the chicken dry and season both sides with salt and pepper. dip the chicken into the egg white and shake off any excess. dredge the chicken in the almonds to coat. place on a baking sheet, cover and refrigerate for 20 minutes., set a wire rack on a baking sheet. heat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat and add the butter and 1 tablespoon of the oil. place the chicken smoothside down in the pan and increase the heat to mediumhigh. cook, turning once, until a golden brown crust forms, 3 to 4 minutes per side. transfer the chicken to the prepared baking sheet and bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the chicken registers 160 degrees f, about 20 minutes., whisk together the vinegar and salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. gradually whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. add the salad greens and toss to coat. divide the salad evenly among 4 plates and serve with a piece of chicken.preheat oven to 475f. set a wire rack on a foillined baking sheet and coat with cooking spray., place almonds, flour, paprika, garlic powder, dry mustard, salt and pepper in a food processor process until the almonds are finely chopped and the paprika is mixed throughout, about 1 minute. with the motor running, drizzle in oil process until combined. transfer the mixture to a shallow dish., whisk egg whites in a second shallow dish. add chicken tenders and turn to coat. transfer each tender to the almond mixture turn to coat evenly. discard any remaining egg white and almond mixture. place the tenders on the prepared rack and coat with cooking spray turn and spray the other side., bake the chicken fingers until golden brown, crispy and no longer pink in the center, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredient note dried egg whites are convenient in recipes like this one because you dont have to figure out what to do with 4 egg yolks. look for powdered brands like just whites in the baking aisle or naturalfoods section or fresh pasteurized whites in the dairy case of most supermarkets.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., toss the asparagus and oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper on a baking sheet. roast the asparagus until lightly roasted but still crunchy, about 5 minutes. cool the asparagus slightly., combine 1 cup water, the asparagus, broth and lemon juice in a blender and puree until very smooth, about 2 minutes. transfer the soup to a medium heavy saucepan and heat the soup. stir in the mint and lemon zest and sprinkle with salt and pepper., divide the soup among bowls and garnish with the greek yogurt and almonds.preheat oven to 500 degrees f., combine the yogurt with the spices and zest of lime in a large bowl., cut the chicken into large chunks and season liberally with salt and pepper. add to the yogurt mixture and toss to coat evenly. put a small wire rack on a baking sheet or a slotted broiler pan. arrange the chicken on the rack or slotted pan and roast until charred at the edges and juices run clear, about 15 minutes., combine the apple, tomatoes and scallions in a serving bowl. add the lime juice, oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine., transfer the chicken to a serving platter and serve with appletomato topping and warm bread.brush a large bowl with olive oil. shape the pizza dough into a ball, add it to the bowl and turn to coat with the oil. cover tightly with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place, 30 to 40 minutes., position racks in the upper third and middle of the oven. place a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet on the top rack and preheat the oven to 425 degrees f for at least 30 minutes., meanwhile, lay out a sheet of parchment paper and brush with olive oil. transfer the ball of dough to the parchment and roll it out into a 10inch round, stretching it with your hands as needed. lightly brush the dough with olive oil, cover with another piece of parchment and set aside to let rise slightly, about 30 minutes., while the dough rises, mix 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce and 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small bowl. put the chicken in a baking dish, season with salt and pepper and brush with the barbecue sauce mixture. bake on the middle oven rack until cooked through, about 20 minutes. let cool, then cut into 12inch cubes., uncover the dough and spread with the remaining 13 cup barbecue sauce, leaving a 34inch border. top with the chicken, gouda, mozzarella and red onion. slide the pizza on the parchment onto a pizza peel or another inverted baking sheet, then slide onto the hot stone or baking sheet bake until the cheese melts and the crust is golden, 20 to 25 minutes. sprinkle with cilantro.melt the butter in a large dutch oven or pot over medium heat. add the onion and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. whisk in the flour and cook until golden, 3 to 4 minutes, then gradually whisk in the halfandhalf until smooth. add the chicken broth, bay leaves and nutmeg, then season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, uncovered, until thickened, about 20 minutes., meanwhile, prepare the bread bowls using a sharp knife, cut a circle into the top of each loaf, leaving a 1inch border all around. remove the bread top, then hollow out the middle with a fork or your fingers, leaving a thick bread shell., add the broccoli and carrot to the broth mixture and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. discard the bay leaves. puree the soup in batches in a blender until smooth youll still have flecks of carrot and broccoli. return to the pot. or puree the soup in the pot with an immersion blender., add the cheese to the soup and whisk over medium heat until melted. add up to 34 cup water if the soup is too thick. ladle into the bread bowls and garnish with cheese.prepare the chicken whisk the egg white, cornstarch and rice wine in a bowl. add the chicken and toss to coat. cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. make the stirfry sauce whisk 13 cup water, the oyster, hoisin and soy sauces, the rice wine and sesame oil in a bowl, then whisk in the cornstarch until dissolved., fry the noodles pull the noodles apart into sections. heat 34 inch peanut oil in a medium saucepan until a deepfry thermometer registers 380 degrees f. working in batches, press the noodles into the oil with a spatula until they puff, 5 to 10 seconds. drain on paper towels., make the stirfry heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the chicken and cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon to a plate. add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil to the skillet when almost smoking, stir in the garlic, ginger, jalapeno and minced scallions, then add 12 teaspoon salt and the sugar and stirfry 30 seconds. add the mushrooms, water chestnuts and scallion pieces and stirfry 2 minutes. add the stirfry sauce and chicken and cook 1 minute. make a bed of noodles on a platter and top with the chicken mixture. serve the noodles and stirfry with lettuce leaves and soy sauce for dipping. photograph by andrew mccaulcut the chicken breasts in half horizontally to make 4 thin cutlets. place the cutlets between 2 pieces of heavyduty plastic wrap and pound to 18inch thick with a mallet or heavy skillet. season the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon each pepper and paprika., heat about 2 inches peanut oil in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees f. meanwhile, whisk the egg, milk and 2 tablespoons water in a baking dish. whisk both flours, the malted milk powder, confectioners sugar, baking soda, dry mustard, the remaining 12 teaspoon paprika and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in another dish. toss the pickle slices, pickle juice and vinegar in a bowl and set aside., working in batches, dip the chicken in the egg mixture, turning to coat, then dredge in the flour mixture and shake off any excess. fry the chicken in the hot oil until golden brown, about 4 minutes, adjusting the heat as needed. drain on paper towels., heat a large skillet over medium heat. spread the cut sides of the buns with some of the butter and lightly toast in the skillet, butteredside down spread with more butter. put 2 pickle slices on each bun bottom top with a piece of chicken and cover with the bun tops.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f. melt the butter with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a skillet transfer to a bowl. heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the skillet. add the onion, garlic and jalapeno and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. add the chili powder, cumin, cinnamon and 1 teaspoon salt toast 30 seconds. add the tomato and cilantro and cook until slightly dry, about 2 minutes. stir in the chicken and sour cream and warm through. remove from the heat., brush a rimmed baking sheet with some of the butteroil mixture. spread 2 tablespoons refried beans down the center of each tortilla, leaving a 2inch border on both ends. top with 1 cup chicken mixture and 14 cup cheese. fold in the ends and roll up., put the chimichangas seamside down on the baking sheet brush with the butteroil mixture. bake 8 to 10 minutes per side, brushing again after you flip. top with the sauce, more cheese, lettuce and tomato. serve with rice and the remaining beans., make chichis mexisauce, saute 12 cup chopped onion and 2 chopped garlic cloves in a skillet with vegetable oil. add a pinch each of chili powder, cumin, sugar and salt cook 30 seconds. stir in two 4ounce cans chopped green chiles drained and rinsed cook 2 minutes. add 1 cup chicken broth and simmer until thickened, then puree. stir in 14 cup chopped cilantro.make the dip puree the dressing, cucumber, horseradish, milk, vinegar, wasabi powder, cayenne pepper, and salt to taste in a blender until smooth. cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., prepare the beans fill a large bowl with ice water. bring the broth to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. add the green beans and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. remove the beans with a slotted spoon and transfer to the ice water to stop the cooking. let cool in the water, then drain and pat dry., whisk the egg and milk in a shallow bowl. put 12 cup flour in another shallow bowl. combine the breadcrumbs, the remaining 12 cup flour, the onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne, and salt and pepper to taste in another bowl., line a baking sheet with parchment paper. toss the green beans in the flour and shake off the excess. one at a time, dip the beans in the egg mixture, dredge in the breadcrumb mixture and lay on the prepared baking sheet. freeze until the coating is set, about 30 minutes., heat 3 inches oil in a deep pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees f. fry the green beans in batches until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. transfer the beans with tongs or a skimmer to a rack or paper towels to drain. serve with the dip.brush the oil on the chicken breast. grill or sear the chicken until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees f, then cool. shred the meat and toss it with the teriyaki sauce., toast the muffin and spread some extra teriyaki sauce on one half. top with the shredded chicken and garnish with the pineapple. enjoywash sauerkraut thoroughly, put aside. in a rondeau melt the duck fat and saute the onion until tender, add garlic bay leaves, juniper berries and thyme. saute until golden brown, deglaze with reisling wine. add 12 of the sauerkraut, place bacon slab and ham shanks in the middle and then top with remaining sauerkraut. pour chicken stock over making sure it covers the sauerkraut if not enough, add water. cover the pan with foil and place in a preheated 350 degrees oven for 1 12 hours. wash red bliss potatoes and steam whole for 30 to 40 minutes. peel potatoes and set aside. cut sausages in half and warm in boiling water. place pork chops in oven to warm. take sauerkraut out of the oven and remove bacon and ham shanks. slice the bacon in half. remove pork chops out of oven. place sauerkraut in the center of a large oval tray, place all meats around sauerkraut, place bacon and ham shanks, on top of sauerkraut. place warm potatoes around with the meat, serve dijon mustard on the side.place a 6quart saucepan, with a steamer basket and 1 inch of water in the bottom, over high heat, cover and bring to a boil., remove the tips of the wings and discard or save for making stock. use kitchen shears or a knife to separate the wings at the joint. place the wings in the steamer basket, cover, reduce the heat to medium and steam 10 minutes. remove the wings from the basket and carefully pat dry. lay out the wings on a cooling rack set in a half sheet pan lined with paper towels and place in the refrigerator to dry, about 1 hour., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. remove the paper towels on the pan and replace with parchment paper. roast on the middle rack of the oven, about 20 minutes. turn the wings over and cook 20 to 30 more minutes, or until the meat is cooked through and the skin is golden brown., while the chicken is roasting, melt the butter in a small bowl with the garlic. pour this along with the hot sauce and 12 teaspoon salt into a bowl large enough to hold all of the chicken and stir to combine. remove the wings from the oven, transfer to the bowl and toss with the sauce. serve warm.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., in a small bowl combine the lemon zest, thyme, rosemary and salt., drizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet. lay the lemon slices in the olive oil down the middle of the tray as a rack for the chicken. sprinkle onethird of the salt rub on the underside of the chicken. turn the chicken over and rub the remaining salt mixture over and under the skin of the whole chicken. lay the chicken, skin side up, on the bed of lemons and drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. roast, basting every 15 minutes, until golden brown and an instant read thermometer read 160 degrees f in the thigh, 40 to 45 minutes. transfer the chicken to a cutting board and allow to rest for 10 minutes before carving., meanwhile, using a fork, mash the lemon pulp into the juices on the baking sheet, discarding the rind. mix the pulp into the drippings and use this mixture to spoon over the chicken just before serving.for the short ribs heat one tablespoon of the olive oil in a heavybottom pot or dutch oven over high heat. when the oil begins to smoke slightly, place the short ribs in the pot and sprinkle with salt and pepper. roast on all sides until well browned, about 15 minutes total. remove from the pot and reduce the temperature to medium., add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the same pot and add the celery, carrots and onion and cook over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. add the wine and raise the heat level to high, bring to a boil and cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. add 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add the bundle to the pot., place the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the pot and add the beef stock. bring to a simmer over high heat. cover the pot and simmer until the meat is very tender, about 2 12 hours., carefully remove the short ribs from the pot and set aside. discard the herbs and skim the excess fat. continue to cook the vegetables and sauce over medium heat for 20 minutes until reduced to the desired consistency. put the ribs back in the pot and heat through., for the polenta bring the chicken stock to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. reduce the heat to mediumlow and very slowly whisk in the cornmeal polenta, whisking constantly to make sure there are no lumps. switch to a wooden spoon and add the salt and pepper and simmer, stirring almost constantly, until the polenta thickens, about 30 minutes. when the polenta is thick and difficult to stir, quickly turn off the heat, add the grated cheeses and fold together. be sure to scrape the bottom of the pan thoroughly while combining., for the mission fig glaze heat the olive oil in a heavybottomed saucepot over low heat and saute the shallots until just translucent, a few minutes. add the vinegar and herbs and increase the heat to mediumhigh. reduce by half, stirring constantly. add the figs, sugar and wine and further reduce by a third, continuing to stir throughout. remove from the heat when you have about 34 cup liquid remaining. pour the glaze through a finemesh strainer into a small bowl, discarding the solids., heat the olive oil in a large heavy pot or skillet over mediumhigh heat., thoroughly wash the kale and remove the stems. tear the leaves into large bitesize pieces and dry them, either in a salad spinner or on paper towels., drop 5 to 7 pieces of kale in the hot oil and fry until crisp, 60 to 90 seconds. drain on a wire rack set over paper towels and season with kosher salt while hot. repeat with the remaining kale until all the pieces are crisp., to serve, spoon some polenta on each serving plate. place a hot short rib from the cooking liquid on the polenta and spoon over some of the reduced liquid. drizzle with the fig glaze. top with some crispy kale.heat water to boil for pasta, season with salt and cook pasta to al dente., heat a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan. add bacon and crisp 4 to 5 minutes then add onions and garlic cook to soften, 5 to 6 minutes. stir in stock then tomatoes and season with pepper to taste. simmer sauce 15 minutes. toss pasta with sauce and parsley. serve with grated sharp white cheddar.heat the oven to 350 degrees f. slice the tortillas into 12inch strips and scatter on large baking sheet. spray with cooking spray and bake until golden and crisp. remove from the oven and reserve., while the tortillas crisp, add the ancho chiles and the chicken stock to a large pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. reduce the heat to low and simmer until the chiles are tender. remove from the heat to cool., while the anchos simmer, heat a medium soup pot with vegetable oil over high heat. add the corn and saute until charred at the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. reduce the heat a little, add the onions, jalapeno, red chile pepper and garlic. season with cumin, smoked paprika and cinnamon. saute for 5 minutes, then stir in the tomatoes. puree the anchos and the stock in a food processor, then add it to the soup pot. stir in the honey and the shredded chicken and season with salt and pepper, to taste. thin the soup with 1 or 2 cups of water and simmer over low heat to combine flavors, about 5 minutes., zest and juice 1 lime and add to the soup pot. seed and dice the avocados and add to a small bowl. dress with the juice of the remaining lime., pile some crispy tortilla strips into each soup bowl. top with diced avocado and ladle the soup over the avocado. garnish with sour cream and whole or chopped cilantro leaves.heat oven to 350 degrees f. slice tortillas into 12inch strips and scatter on large baking sheet. spray with cooking spray and bake to golden and crisp. remove from the oven and reserve., while the tortillas crisp, add the ancho chiles and the stock a large saucepan over medium heat. bring to a boil then reduce heat to low and simmer until the dried peppers are tender., while anchos simmer, heat a medium soup pot with vegetable oil over high heat. add corn and char at the edges, 2 to 3 minutes. reduce the heat a little, then add the onions, peppers and garlic and season with the cumin, smoked paprika and cinnamon. saute for 5 minutes, then add in the beer, cook for 1 minute and then stir in tomatoes. puree the ancho chiles and stock in a processor, then add to the soup pot. stir in the honey, then add the shredded chicken, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. thin with 1 cup of water and simmer to combine flavors., zest and juice 1 of the limes and add to the soup. cut the avocados in half and remove the pit. scoop the flesh onto a cutting board and dice. put into a bowl and dress with the juice of the remaining lime., pile the chips into a large soup bowl. top the chips with diced avocado, then ladle in the soup. garnish with sour cream and whole or chopped cilantro leaves before serving.place the anchos and stock in a saucepan over medium heat. bring to a low boil, and then simmer over low heat to reconstitute., heat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil in a large dutch oven or large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the bacon and brown a few minutes, and then remove the bacon to a plate with a slotted spoon., add the ground turkey and brown and crumble the meat, and season with salt and pepper. add the onions, garlic, chipotle in adobo, paprika, cumin, coriander, cocoa powder, and cinnamon. stir and cook to soften, 10 minutes more. add the tomato paste, and stir 1 minute. deglaze the pan with the beer., puree the anchos and stock., add the ancho puree to the chili along with the reserved bacon. simmer over low heat to thicken 20 to 30 minutes. cool and store for a makeahead meal., to reheat reheat over a medium flame on the stovetop, stirring occasionally. serve with the garnishes of your choice.cut the chickens into legs, thighs, breasts, and wings and place in a large pan. whisk together the remaining ingredients in a small bowl and pour over the chicken. cover the chicken and refrigerate overnight., preheat the grill. place the chicken pieces on the grill at a 45 degree angle to establish good grill marks. once the chicken easily releases from the grill, turn it over to continue cooking. make sure to season the chicken with salt while its cooking. once the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees f, or its juices run clear, remove the chicken from the grill. let the chicken rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.making 34 cup essential sweetandspicy ancho seasoning paste roast the unpeeled garlic directly on an ungreased griddle or heavy skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until soft they will blacken in spots, about 15 minutes cool and peel. while the garlic is roasting, toast the chiles on another side of the griddle or skillet 1 or 2 at a time, open them flat and press down firmly on the hot surface with a spatula in a few seconds, when they crackle, even send up a wisp of smoke, flip them and press down to toast the other side. in a small bowl, cover the chiles with hot water and let rehydrate 30 minutes, stirring frequently to ensure even soaking. drain and discard the water., combine the oregano, black pepper, cumin and cloves in a food processor or blender, along with the chiles, garlic and 12cup of the broth. blend to a smooth puree, scraping and stirring every few seconds. if the mixture wont go through the blender blades, add a little more liquid. press through a mediummesh strainer into a bowl. taste and season with salt, usually about a generous 34 teaspoon it should taste a little salty., marinating the fish heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small 1 to 1 12quart saucepan over mediumhigh. when hot enough to make a drop of the puree really sizzle, add it all at once, and cook, stirring constantly, until very thick, about 5 minutes. stir in the vinegar and sugar and cool to tepid. with sharp scissors, trim off all fins and cut out gills from both fish, then make 3 diagonal slashes on each side of the fish, penetrating to the bone. place the fish in an oiled 13 x 9inch baking dish, then smear all but 2 tablespoons of the chile paste reserve the remainder over both sides of each fish. cover and refrigerate an hour or two but not more than 6., baking the fish turn on the oven to 400 degrees. with a brush, daub 1 tablespoon of the remaining oil over the fish. bake uncovered until the flesh comes away from the bone near the top of the head, 12 to 14 minutes., finishing and serving the dish while the fish is baking, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a mediumsize 8 to 9inch skillet over mediumhigh. add the onion rings and stirfry until browned but still crunchy, about 5 minutes. add the reserved 2 tablespoons chile mixture and the remaining 12 cup of the broth to the onions. boil quickly until reduced to a light saucy consistency. taste and season with salt if necessary keep warm., use 2 metal spatulas to transfer the fish to a large, warm, serving platter. add any baking dish juices to the sauce, return to a boil, then spoon over the fish. sprinkle on the chopped cilantro and radishes. garnish with sprigs of cilantro, and carry confidently to the table.for the stuffing in a pan over high heat, add the oil and allow to warm. then reduce the heat and add the andouille and garlic, warming for 2 minutes, stirring throughout. once warmed, add the stock, herbs, ginger powder and salt and pepper to taste, and again warm for 2 minutes. once heated, remove and add to the cornbread and fold all the ingredients together. allow to sit or rest for 20 minutes before stuffing the quail. this will allow all ingredients to bloom together, creating the stuffing., for the red eye gravy in a small saucepan, warm the butter until melted, and then add the onions and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. once the onions are cooked, add the tasso and allow the onions and tasso to blend for 2 minutes. next, add the coffee and allow the liquid to reduce by half in volume. once the coffee has reduced, add the stock and parsley, reduce the heat to mediumlow and allow to simmer for 10 to 12 minutes. once finished, hold warm until serving., for the quail preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. to stuff and cook the quail, portion the stuffing into 4 portions and then fill each quail cavity. once stuffed, rub the exterior of the birds with the butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. then bake for 16 to 18 minutes or fry in in preheated 375 degree oil for 4 minutes, ensuring the stuffing is warmed above 165 degrees. once cooked, remove from the oven and rest the quail while plating the remainder of ingredients., to plate, portion quarter of the potatoes to the center of a plate, then add brussels to the side of the potatoes, then top the potatoes with a quail and finish with the prepared sauce.preheat oven to 350 degrees. in a large skillet heat oil over high heat. add the onion and andouille, and saute for 1 minute. add the green onions, celery, chopped bell pepper, and garlic, cook 1 minute. then stir in the cornbread and stock, season with creole spice, salt and pepper, and cook, stirring for 2 minutes. fill the cavity of the whole peppers and place in a baking dish and bake for 25 minutes.in a large saute pan, heat the oil. when the oil is hot, render the sausage for about 3 minutes. add the onions, celery, and bell peppers and saute for 5 minutes, or until the vegetables are wilted. add the corn bread and chicken stock and mix well. season the dressing with salt and cayenne. cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. remove from the heat. season the entire turkey with essence. stuff the duck into the turkey. stuff the remaining space with the dressing. using butchers twine, tie the turkey to secure the endspreheat the oven to 350 degrees f. butter a 9by13inch baking dish.in a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat, melt 3 tablespoons of the butter. add the sausage and saute until browned, 5 minutes transfer to a mixing bowl to cool.melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in the same skillet and add the celery, onions and bell peppers. cook, stirring, until fragrant and softened, about 5 minutes. stir in the thyme, salt and pepper and cook for 1 more minute. add the chicken broth and scrape up any brown bits that have formed on the bottom of the skillet, cooking for an additional minute. remove from the heat and cool slightly.in a large mixing bowl, combine the cornbread stuffing and cooled veggies and sausage. add the eggs and mix well. transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish.bake until golden brown on top, 30 to 35 minutes. let cool 5 to 10 minutes before serving.heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 3 minutes. add the celery, onion and bell pepper, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften, 3 to 5 minutes. add the tomato paste and cajun seasoning and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. add the rice and cook, stirring, until coated, about 1 minute., add the diced tomatoes and 5 cups water to the pot. increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook until the rice is tender and the sauce thickens, 10 to 15 minutes., stir the beans and chicken into the pot and cook until warmed through, about 1 minute. top each serving with celery leaves and drizzle with olive oil.heat the oil in a large castiron dutch oven over medium heat. add the onions, bell peppers, 2 teaspoons of the salt and 1 teaspoon of the cayenne. stirring often, brown the vegetables for about 20 minutes, or until they are caramelized and dark brown in color. scrape the bottom and sides of the pt to loosen any browned particles. add the sausage and cook, stirring often for 10 to 15 minutes, scraping the bottom and sides of the pot to loosen any browned particles. season the chicken with the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and remaining 14 teaspoon cayenne. add the chicken and the bay leaves to the pot. brown the chicken for 8 to 10 minutes, scrapping the bottom of the pot to loosen any browned particles. add the rice and stir for 2 to 3 minutes to coat it evenly. add the water, stir to combine, and cover. cook over medium heat for 30 to 35 minutes, without stirring, or until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed. remove the pot from the heat and let stand, covered for 2 to 3 minutes. remove the bay leaves. stir in the green onions and serve.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., place the squash on a baking sheet and spray with the olive oil spray and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. roast until tender and brown at the edges, 20 to 25 minutes., heat a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. add a drizzle of oil and the sausage, cook until brown, then remove. add the remaining oil, some black pepper, flour and paprika, and stir. cook until brown and very fragrant, 20 minutes. add the celery, onions and bell peppers, season with salt and pepper and soften, 5 minutes. add the okra, thyme, garlic, bay leaf and chile peppers, stir a few minutes more. add the stock, beer and tomatoes and the hot sauce, to taste. add the sausage back to the gumbo, simmer to thicken, 20 to 30 minutes. add the squash and stir to combine. cool and store for a makeahead meal. reheat over medium heat. serve in shallow bowls and top with the scallions.place the roast onto a cutting board with the short side toward you and fat facing down. using a sharp filet knife with the blade horizontal to the board, butterfly the roast open about 1 inch from the bottom of the roast. work carefully to not cut all the way through. continue to slice horizontally, opening the roast up until you have a large, thin, flat piece of meat. place the pork in large airtight freezer bag or large plastic container with a lid., to prepare the brine, bring 6 cups water, the salt, sugar, peppercorns, garlic, thyme, bay leaves and onions to a simmer in a medium pot over medium heat. stir until the sugar and salt have completely dissolved. remove from the heat and cool by adding the ice cubes. pour the brine into the freezer bag, submerging the roast completely, seal and set aside for 25 minutes., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., remove the pork from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. lay the sausages inside lengthwise. pierce the casings with the tip of a sharp paring knife this will ensure the flavor of the sausage goes into the pork as it cooks. starting with the short side, roll up the roast tightly, jelly roll style. secure the roast with tightly fitted kitchen twine at even intervals about 2 inches apart. sprinkle with salt, pepper, the granulated garlic and paprika., heat the oil in a large castiron pan over medium heat. add the roast and sear fatside down first, 3 to 4 minutes, and then on each of the three other sides. when turned to the final side, transfer the pan to the oven and bake until the internal temperature hits 145 degrees f on an instantread thermometer, 45 to 55 minutes. remove the roast from the oven rest the pork on a platter while you make gravy from the pan drippings., set the pan over mediumlow heat. add a little oil, if needed, and saute the onions, carrots and celery. cook the vegetables until well caramelized, about 8 minutes. then season with salt and pepper. deglaze the pan with the vermouth and reduce until the liquid has almost completely reduced. add the chicken stock and reduce again for another 5 minutes this will ensure you have a nice, rich sauce. taste and season with salt and pepper., remove the pan from the heat and swirl in the butter to thicken the sauce. finish with the lemon zest, a squeeze of lemon juice and serve the sauce over sliced andouillestuffed pork loin.in a large saute pan over a medium heat, add olive oil and garlic. once garlic begins to brown slightly, add porcini mushrooms and allow to brown with the garlic. once mushrooms and garlic are golden brown, add calabaza and cavatelli and toss with garlic and mushrooms until all ingredients are mixed together and hot. add chicken stock and butter and reduce until 13 of the original liquid remains. add remaining ingredients and toss until well incorporated. adjust seasoning as desired and serve in pasta dish., this recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. the food network kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., in a large bowl, combine flour, salt and espresso and mix well. make a small well in the center and add ricotta, egg and milk and start to mix all the ingredients together. once combined, take dough mixture and begin kneading it on a lightly floured surface for about 10 minutes until firm and smooth. wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 20 minutes. wrap dough in moist towel and let rest in a warm location for 10 minutes. roll dough through a pasta machine starting at the largest setting and slowly working to the number 4 setting. take the sheet of dough and cut into strips about 12inches wide by 10 inches long, then pass through cavatelli machine. place the pasta on sheet tray and freeze until ready to use.heat a large skillet over medium heat. add enough olive oil to coat the skillet. season the chicken breasts generously with salt and pepper. cook until golden brown on one side, 8 to10 minutes flip and cook until cooked through and no longer pink, about 5 minutes more. transfer to a cutting board and slice into strips., bring a large pot of water to a boil. cook the pasta according to the package directions., meanwhile, in a food processor, blend together the basil, walnuts, avocados, lemon juice, garlic and olive oil. add salt and pepper to taste., drain the pasta into a colander. transfer it to a large serving platter or bowl and toss with the pesto. top with the sliced chicken. serve immediately.bring a large stockpot of water to a boil., in a large saute pan, heat the olive oil. over mediumhigh heat, saute the broccoli florets, stirring as necessary, 2 to 3 minutes. season lightly with salt and pepper. transfer to a bowl and reserve until needed., deglaze the pan with the stock, and add the thyme leaves. bring to a boil and reduce by half. add the butter and the goat cheese and stir together until the cheese melts. keep warm., meanwhile, add a little salt to the pot of boiling water and cook the pasta until it is al dente, about 1 minute for fresh pasta. cook packaged pasta according to the directions on the package. drain the pasta well and add to the reserved broccoli in the saute pan. cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. season with salt and pepper, to taste., to serve, divide the pasta among 4 heated plates. sprinkle with toasted pine nuts and garnish with a sprig of thyme.this is one of the most popular dishes on my menu. i have a restaurant in mumbai, so i visit india often, and here you can see how ive been influenced by one of my favorite indian dishes tandoori chicken. the bird is first marinated in spiced yogurt before being roasted in a very hot oven. for garnish, i make a zesty sauce from the marinade and serve the pieces of chicken with whole grilled fresh chiles. the secret ingredient here is the hot sauce. i always use franks, a louisianabased sauce with a distinct red pepper flavor, which is neither as hot nor as sharp as other brands. as a result, the marinated chicken is certainly spicy, but not incendiary. if you want more heat, i encourage you to eat the chiles. the noodle topping is dramatic, and youll always see it at the restaurant, but at home you can consider it optional., preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., trim any excess fat from the chicken. rinse and pat dry. place the chicken quarters in a large bowl. measure out 1 cup of the spicy yogurt marinade and reserve for the sauce refrigerate in a small covered container., pour the rest of the marinade over the chicken. turn the pieces to make sure they are all wellcoated. cover and refrigerate for at least 8 and up to 24 hours., remove the chicken from the marinade and arrange the pieces on 1 or 2 halfsheet pans or large baking sheets. discard the chicken marinade., roast for 40 minutes, until the chicken is tender and lightly browned and the juices run clear when the thighs are pricked with the tip of a small knife. transfer the pieces to a platter and tent with foil to keep warm., while the chicken is roasting, make the sauce. boil the chicken stock in a medium saucepan over high heat until it is reduced to 1 cup. whisk in the reserved 1 cup spicy yogurt marinade and cook just until heated through. do not boil, or the yogurt will separate. keep the sauce warm., as soon as the chickens are done, preheat the broiler. toss the chiles with the oil to coat lightly and spread them out on a broiler rack or small baking sheet. broil the chiles about 4 inches from the heat, turning them a couple of times, until they are blistered and lightly browned, about 5 minutes., to serve, layer the chicken and chiles on a large platter. pour the sauce around the chicken. top with the fried rice noodles. serve with lime wedges to squeeze over the chicken., to make the marinade, grind the peppercorns, cumin, coriander seeds, and cardamom in a spice grinder or use a mortar and pestle. transfer to a medium bowl. add the chili powder, garam masala, and salt. add the hot sauce, yogurt, cream, and soy sauce and whisk until smooth and well blended., add vegetable oil to reach about 2 inches up the sides of a large saucepan or a wok. heat the oil over high heat to 340 degrees f. separate 1 bundle of thin rice noodles into 2 portions. working with 1 portion at a time, add the noodles to the oil. they will puff up almost immediately. using a large wire skimmer, transfer to paper towels to drain.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., put the cleaned and rinsed chicken breasts into a mixing bowl. cut an incision into the breasts thats large enough to fit the stuffing. after you make the incision, sprinkle the breasts with the garlic, salt, pepper, and fresh thyme breast. cover and refrigerate while you prep the bread crumbs and saute the apples., in a mixing bowl combine the animal crackers and bread crumbs., heat saute pan over mediumhigh heat. add the olive oil and the apples. cook for 10 to 15 minutes depending on how soft you would like them., whisk the egg in a small bowl. lay out a sheet of aluminum foil. put a seasoned chicken breast on the foil and stuff 14 of the apples into the incision. dredge the chicken in the whisked egg, and then roll it in the bread crumb mixture. put the breaded chicken breast back on the sheet of foil and roll it up so the foil is covering the breast completely. repeat these steps for the remaining breasts. lastly, place the wrapped chicken breasts in a baking pan and bake for 1 hour. remove the pan from the oven, unwrap the chicken and serve on individual plates.prepare dumpling mix to package directions. see note, bring a pot of salted water to a boil. form several large balls, 2 to 3 inches thick, of dumpling mix. add to the boiling water then reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes., place bacon in a skillet over medium heat and render fat by cooking bacon about 3 minutes. as edges just begin to crisp, remove bacon from the skillet and transfer to paper towels to drain., season slices of sirloin with salt and pepper. spread each slice of meat with a rounded spoonful of mustard. top mustard with a generous scatter of chopped parsley. top seasoned and mustardcoated meat with a slice of bacon and a dill pickle spear each. place the bacon and pickle off center closer to 1 edge of the meat than the other. roll the steaks around the filling and secure with toothpicks or kitchen twine. heat a deep skillet over medium high heat. add oil, 2 turns of the pan, then meat rolls. cook meat 2 to 3 minutes, then give it a quarter turn. cook meat a total of 10 to 12 minutes, then transfer to a plate. add butter to the meat pot and melt. add flour to the butter and whisk together, cooking 2 minutes. add chicken stock to the flour and butter and scrape up pan drippings. season with salt and pepper. stir in sour cream and remove from heat., remove toothpicks or twine from meat. set meat roll and large dumpling on a dinner plate and cover with sour cream gravy. quick sauteed cabbage makes a simple side dish, see recipe below.position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees f. spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. set aside., for the dressing in a small bowl, whisk the red wine vinegar, oregano, fennel seed, mustard, salt, pepper and garlic. gradually whisk in the oil., for the chicken in a medium bowl, combine the salami, pepperoncini, prosciutto, provolone and tomatoes with 14 cup of the dressing toss to blend evenly., place the chicken breasts, smoothside down on the work surface with the thickest part at the top and the straight side on the left. using a very sharp knife and starting on the right side, cut each chicken breast almost in half horizontally stopping close to the left side, creating a pocket for stuffing. open the chicken breasts like a book., mound a fourth of the stuffing onto the right side of the breast, and press firmly to compact. fold the left side flap of the chicken tightly over the stuffing. lay three 10inch pieces of string on the work surface 1 to 112 inches apart. place the chicken on the strings and tie the strings around the chicken at intervals to keep the flap closed over the stuffing. press in any stuffing pieces that fall out., place the chicken breasts on the prepared baking sheet. drizzle with 14 cup of the dressing., roast until the chicken is cooked through, 18 to 20 minutes. using tongs, transfer the chicken to a sheet of foil. let rest 5 minutes., for serving divide the arugula among four plates. cut the strings off the chicken. cut each breast on a slight diagonal into 12inchwide slices. fan the slices of one breast over the arugula on each plate. drizzle with the dressing and serve.directions, arrange attractively and serve with prosecco.soak the noodles in enough hot water to cover by 1 inch for 20 minutes. use kitchen shears to cut the noodles into 3 to 4inch pieces and drain thoroughly in a colander for 10 minutes., combine the soy sauce, rice wine, and chili paste in a medium bowl and whisk until smooth. add the cornstarch and whisk until combined. add the pork and mix until thoroughly integrated. set aside for 30 minutes., place a 12inch saute pan over high heat for 1 minute. add the oil and swirl to coat the bottom and sides of the pan. once the oil shimmers, add the meat mixture. stir constantly for 2 minutes, breaking the meat up into very small pieces. add 23 of the green onions and continue cooking and stirring until the meat is well browned and in very small pieces, approximately 2 minutes. reduce the heat to mediumhigh and add the broth. cook until reduced, approximately 3 minutes., slowly add handfuls of the noodles to the pan, tossing with the meat mixture until combined and the pieces of meat cling to the noodles and no liquid remains. serve immediately with the remaining green onions.bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. add the noodles and bring back to a boil. boil for 1 minute for cellophane noodles and 2 to 3 minutes for angel hair pasta. drain in a colander and rinse under running water. set aside., stir the pork with 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce, the sesame oil, the cornstarch, and 12 of the scallions in a small bowl., heat the vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat until almost smoking. add the ginger, garlic, and chile paste. cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. add the pork mixture and cook for 1 minute longer. stir in the cabbage and the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce. cook, stirring, until the cabbage is almost wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. add the cooked noodles and cook, cutting them slightly with the side of the spatula, until the pork is no longer pink, about 1 minute. pour in the chicken stock and add the remaining scallions. season with salt and pepper and reduce the heat to mediumlow. cover loosely with foil and simmer until the noodles have absorbed some of the stock, about 3 minutesheat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. sprinkle the pork chops with salt and pepper on both sides and cook, flipping once, until nicely browned and cooked to 150 degrees f or desired doneness, 5 to 7 minutes per side. set the chops aside and reserve the skillet., pour the chicken stock into the skillet and scrape with a wooden spoon to lift any browned bits. add the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until the stock is reduced by half, about 4 minutes. whisk in the mustard and apple butter. turn off the heat and continue whisking until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 1 minute. season as desired with freshly cracked black pepper.in the bowl of a medium slow cooker 3quart, combine the apple butter, chicken stock, bbq sauce, apple juice, maple syrup or honey, red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt. whisk to thoroughly combine. add the cocktail franks, stirring to mostly submerge them in the sauce. cover and cook on high until heated through, about 3 hours. serve warm in the sauce.in a large, nonreactive, saucepan over mediumlow heat, melt the butter. add the onions, cook until softened but not browned, about 10 minutes. add the apple and continue cooking until cooked, but still slightly firm, about 10 minutes more., sift the flour over the onions. add the nutmeg. cook and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is lightly browned and fragrant, about 4 to 5 minutes. add the calvados, if using, and cook to reduce by threequarters., gradually whisk in the broth until well blended. bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally for 10 minutes. add the milk, return to just a boil, whisk in cheeses until completely melted. season with pepper to taste., serve hot, with crumbled bacon on top, and a crusty bread and chutney on the side.mix 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons pepper, 4 cups water, vinegar, and apple juice in a 2 gallon container. add the chicken and allow to marinate for 30 minutes up to 3 hours in the refrigerator., add the remaining 1 tablespoon salt and 1 tablespoon pepper to the flour, mix well, and hold until ready to fry., in a cast iron skillet, add the oil and bring to 350 degrees f over high heat. remove the chicken from the brine, pat dry with a paper towel, and dredge the chicken in the seasoned flour, coating well and tapping off any excess. once all the chicken is floured, add to the oil, in batches, and cook until golden brown on both sides, 8 to 9 minutes per side. the internal temperature must be 165 degrees to be cooked thoroughly.heat oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper, add to pan and sear until golden, about 4 minutes each side. remove chicken from pan, and set aside. add remaining butter and onion, apple, garlic, thyme and bay leaves. saute until apple begins to get color and onions soften, about 6 minutes. add flour and stir 2 to 3 minutes. nestle chicken back into pan, add cider, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cover. cook until chicken is cooked through, about 12 minutes.preheat grill to medium. remove the chops from the marinade and wipe off any excess marinade. grill chops, basting with apple cider glaze until desired temperature. medium temperature is 15 to 18 minutes. present chops with a base of sweet potato hash with pork chop placed on top and garnish with a rosemary sprig., marinate the pork chops for 2 to 3 hours. in the meantime make hash and glaze., saute onions and garlic in the olive oil over medium heat in saucepan until translucent. add andouille sausage and stir well to combine. once some of the fat begins to render from the sausage and the diced sweet potato and cook for stirring frequently for 10 minutes. add chicken stock until evaporated then add cream and reduce until gone. season with salt and pepper and keep warm., caramelize the honey and brown sugar in a pan over medium heat, stirring constantly. combine the apple cider, vinegar and garlic and add to sugar, bring to boil over high heat. lower the heat to medium and simmer for 30 minutes. strain into a small saucepan and add thyme, sage, and pepper and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes. remove herbs and reserve for pork chops.heat a dutch oven over low heat and add the oil. add the onions and sweat until translucent, 8 to 10 minutes. increase the heat to medium, add the apples, tossing well, and cook until they start to brown. add the rice and thyme. cook for 1 to 2 minutes, then add the chicken stock, apple juice, butter, vinegar and some salt and bring to a simmer. cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the rice is tender, about 20 minutes., fluff with a fork and adjust the salt as needed.preheat oven to 350 degrees f. lightly grease a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish., in a small bowl, combine chicken broth and cranberries let soak for 30 minutes., in a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. add onion, pepper and celery cook for 5 minutes stirring frequently or until tender. add apples and cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. remove from heat and place in a large bowl., beat 3 eggs in a separate bowl. add salt and pepper. set aside., in the large bowl with vegetables, stir in chicken broth mixture, celery soup, and cinnamon. add toasted bread, stirring gently to combine. add eggs. spoon mixture into prepared dish and bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until center is set.set a large saute pan over medium heat and add olive oil, sage and thyme sprigs. as the oil heats up the herbs will crackle and fry, infusing the oil. remove the sage and thyme and set aside on a paper towel to drain  these can be as a garnish, if desired. add onions to the pan and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes until caramelized. season with salt and pepper. remove onions from pan and add apples. crush the pecans and add to the pan. add more oil, if needed and season with salt and pepper. gently saute until pecans are lightly toasted and apples are just cooked slightly  about 3 to 5 minutes. in a large mixing bowl whisk together egg, cream, chicken stock, and salt and pepper, to taste. add torn sourdough, caramelized onions, apples, pecans and chopped parsley. using a wooden spoon, mix the stuffing until well combined., scoop stuffing into cavity of pork crown roast and cook accordingly with roast.slice into the pork chops horizontally, but not all the way through. youre essentially butterflying the pork chops and giving them a little pouch. set aside., in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat up 1 tablespoon olive oil. add the garlic and onion and saute until fragrant and softened, about 3 minutes. add the apple, carrots and celery and cook until softened, 7 to 10 minutes., add in the cornbread, chicken broth and sage leaves, and stir to incorporate. season with salt and pepper to taste. remove the skillet from the heat and let the filling cool for 10 minutes., carefully spoon the filling into the pork chops. if they become full and you can no longer stuff anymore, thats oksave the filling to eat on the side. use toothpicks to secure the chops shut. if the toothpicks poke out, use scissors to trim them flush to the pork chops., in the same skillet you used earlier, heat up the remaining tablespoon olive oil. sear the pork chops, 3 to 5 minutes per side. turn the heat down to medium and continue cooking, flipping occasionally, until the pork chops have cooked through completely, 15 to 20 minutes. serve warm with the additional cornbread stuffingpreheat the oven to 425f. heat the oil in the pioneer woman large castiron skillet over medium heat. add the sausage until cook, turning, until browned, about 3 minutes. stir the apple and cook, stirring, until the apples are golden and tender, about 2 minutes. transfer to a large bowl and quickly toss in the dough pieces, separating any dough pieces that stick together. spread the mixture evenly in the skillet and sprinkle with the cheese. bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. serve hot or warm.preheat oven to 375 degrees f., in a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. add the onion, apples and sage. saute until softened. remove from the heat and gently stir in the bread, egg, butter and salt and pepper. add the chicken broth gradually until everything is moistened. let the stuffing mixture cool completely before putting it in the pork loin. spoon the stuffing down the pork, horizontally, in a line. roll the pork over the stuffing, jelly roll style, ending with the seam down and fat side up. lightly score the fat, in a diamond pattern, with a sharp knife. tightly tie the pork roast up with butchers twine, season it with more salt and pepper, and transfer to a roasting pan. roast the pork in a preheated oven for about 90 minutes or until an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees f. remove from the oven and let rest for 15 minutes before slicing. garnish with apples and fresh herbs.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. lightly butter a bundt pan., in a dry saute pan set over medium heat, toast the walnuts until light golden brown, about 5 minutes cool and chop., melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the sausage and cook, breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until brown, about 5 minutes. reduce the heat to medium, add the celery, onion, apple and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 8 to 10 minutes remove from the heat., in a large mixing bowl, add the stuffing mix, sage, thyme and walnuts. mix together the stock, apple butter and egg in a separate bowl, then add it to the mixing bowl along with the sausagevegetable mixture. add 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper and stir gently to combine thoroughly., transfer the stuffing mixture to the bundt pan and bake until hot and golden brown on top, 30 to 40 minutes. if the top starts to get too brown, cover with foil. let rest for 10 minutes in the bundt pan, then unmold onto a serving platter., combine the apples, apple cider, sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon, allspice, ginger, cloves and salt in a dutch oven or large, heavy pot and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. reduce the heat to medium and simmer, partially covered, until the apples are very tender, about 25 minutes., meanwhile, preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., puree the apple mixture using an immersion blender or in batches in a regular blender be careful when blending hot liquids., transfer the dutch oven to the oven. bake, uncovered, stirring every 20 minutes so that the bottom does not burn, until the mixture is very thick and a rich brown caramel color, about 3 hours. let cool completely.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., preheat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. melt 1 stick butter in the skillet. when the butter melts, add the celery, apples and onions. season with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. cook until the vegetables and apples begin to soften, 5 to 6 minutes., add the stuffing cubes to the pan and combine. moisten the stuffing with the chicken stock until all of the bread is soft, but not wet. let the stuffing cool either in the pan or in a bowl., for a stuffin casserole brush a casserole dish with 14 stick butter. add the stuffing mixture to the dish and dot the top with the remaining 14 stick butter. bake until set and crisp on top, 15 to 20 minutes. serve hot or at room temperature., for individual stuffin muffins brush a 12muffin tin with the remaining 12 stick of butter. add the beaten egg to the cooled stuffing mixture. using an ice cream scoop, fill and mound up the stuffing in the muffin tin. bake until set and crisp on top, 10 to 15 minutes. remove the stuffin muffins to a platter and serve hot or at room temperature.preheat oven to 375 degrees f., preheat a large skillet over medium high heat. add extravirgin olive oil to skillet and 4 tablespoons butter. when butter melts, add bay leaf and add the vegetables as you chop them, celery, onions then apples. sprinkle the vegetables and apples with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. cook 5 to 6 minutes to begin to soften vegetables and apples then add parsley and stuffing cubes to the pan and combine. moisten the stuffing with chicken broth until all of the bread is soft but not wet., butter 12 muffin cups, 2 tins, liberally with remaining butter. use an ice cream scoop to fill and mound up the stuffing in muffin tins. remove the bay leaf as you scoop the stuffing when you come upon it. bake until set and crisp on top, 10 to 15 minutes. remove stuffin muffins to a platter and serve hot or room temperature.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., lightly toast the bread slices. cut them into cubes and set aside., add butter to a pot over medium heat on the stove. once melted, add onion, celery, shallots, garlic, and salt. add pepper, to taste. saute the veggies until softened, about 6 minutes, stirring frequently., meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine broth with egg substitute and stir thoroughly. set aside., remove the pot from heat and add apples, parsley, and raisins. mix well and set aside., add toasted bread cubes to the broth mixture and stir to coat. add vegetableapple mixture and gently stir. the bread cubes should be moist but not saturated. add a few extra tablespoons of broth to coat, if needed., spray a medium baking dish with nonstick spray. transfer stuffing mixture to the baking dish. cover with foil and bake in the oven for 20 minutes. remove foil and, using a fork, gently fluff and rearrange stuffing. return to the oven, uncovered. bake until the top is golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes., while the stuffing is still warm, mix gently, if needed. devouradd the pancetta to a large saute pan. turn the heat to medium and cook until the fat is rendered and the pancetta starts to brown, then remove the pancetta from the pan and set aside. add one of the onions and cook over mediumhigh heat until translucent, about 8 minutes. add rosemary and thyme leaves, apples, fennel and half the celery. cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and very aromatic, 8 to 10 minutes. season with salt and stir in the pancetta. transfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl and let cool., butterfly each turkey breast to make a wide, flat surface. cover each half with plastic wrap and gently pound with a meat mallet to flatten., lay a large piece of caul fat out on a large, flat work surface. lay about 10 bacon slices in the middle, slightly overlapping. arrange a turkey breast on top. lay half the stuffing mix on the turkey and roll it up, leaving the bacon unrolled and creating a neat even log. wrap 2 pieces of bacon around each end, then fold the bacon thats underneath around the turkey. wrap the caul fat in an even layer to create a smooth even log. tie with twine to secure. repeat with the second turkey breast., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., put a large roasting pan on a burner, coat it with olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. add the turkey rolls and brown on all sides. remove the rolls from the pan and add the carrots and the remaining onion and celery. season with salt and cook the veggies until they start to soften, 7 to 8 minutes. add the wine and 1 cup chicken stock to the roasting pan along with the thyme bundle. return the turkey rolls to the pan, cover with foil and roast for 25 minutes. remove the foil and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center registers 160 degrees f, about 10 more minutes., transfer the turkey to a tray or platter and cover with foil to keep warm., put the roasting pan over 2 burners to make the gravy. remove the thyme and skim the fat. mix the flour with 6 tablespoons chicken stock and slowly whisk it into the roasting pan. whisk in the remaining 2 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons chicken stock and bring the mixture to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture has thickened to a gravy consistency. taste and season with salt, if needed., remove the twine from the roulades and slice into medallions. arrange the roulades on a serving platter and serve with the gravy.coat a large saute pan lightly with olive oil. add the bacon and bring the pan to a medium heat. when the bacon is crispy and has released a lot of fat, add the onions and season with salt. cook the onions until they are soft and aromatic, 5 to 6 minutes. add the apples, prunes, and half the chopped rosemary. cook the apples, stirring occasionally, until they start to soften, about 5 minutes. pull the pan off the heat and add the brandy. return to the fire and flambe, or let the alcohol just burn off. remove from the heat and let cool., lay out a length of plastic wrap about 2feet in length. spoon the apple mixture onto the plastic and make a log down the center that is about the same length as the pork loin. roll the plastic tightly around the apple mixture and twist at the ends to secure. the log should be about 1 inch in diameter. place the log in the freezer and let it freeze solid. this can and should be done ahead of time., to stuff the pork insert a long, thin knife into the center of one end of the pork loin repeat this process at the other end. wiggle the knife back and forth to create a place big enough to accommodate your frozen stuffing log. after cutting with the knife, you can use the handle of a long wooden spoon to make sure the incision goes all the way through the pork loin., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., get the stuffing log from the freezer and remove the plastic wrap. slide the stuffing log through the pork loin  it might need a little encouragement but it should go the length of the loin. season the outside of the pork generously with salt and sprinkle it with the remaining chopped rosemary., coat a roasting pan with olive oil and bring the pan to a high heat. add the pork to the pan and sear it on all sides until it is brown., remove the pork to a plate and ditch the fat in the roasting pan. add the pork back to the pan pour in the chicken stock. place it in the oven for 25 to 35 minutes, depending on how you like your pork. i personally like it pinker and would remove it from the oven when a meat thermometer reaches 130 degrees f. turn it over halfway through the cooking time. remove it from the oven, cover it with foil, and let it rest for 15 minutes before carving.for the turkey heat the oven to 500 degrees f., remove the turkey from the refrigerator and let come to room temperature white oven heats, about 30 to 45 minutes. discard the giblets and reserve neck. rinse out the turkeys cavity and pat dry with paper towels. rub the turkey all over with 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil season generously with salt and freshly ground black pepper. put the sage leaves under skin. season the cavity with salt and pepper, squeeze 12 of the orange all over the bird and put the other half inside the cavity along with the garlic., arrange the turkey in a large roasting pan and roast until the skin is golden brown, about 20 to 30 minutes. put the neck, onions, and apples in a bowl and toss with remaining 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil. season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper., reduce the oven the temperature to 350 degrees f and add the apples, onions and turkey neck to the roasting pan. baste with pan drippings about every 45 minutes. roast the turkey until the internal temperature of the inner thigh reaches 160 degrees f on an instantread thermometer., remove from the oven to a cutting board and let rest uncovered, at least 30 minutes, while you prepare the gravy. remove apples and the onions to a serving platter. carve the turkey and arrange on the serving platter. serve with the simple gravy., no recipe recipe simple gravy, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. when it foams, whisk in the flour until smooth. cook until the flour loses its raw flavor and turns peanut color, about 3 to 5 minutes. whisk in chicken broth until the mixture is smooth. bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and cook until it becomes a light tan color., meanwhile, remove the turkey from roasting pan and set aside to rest. discard all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings from roasting pan. put the pan on the stovetop over medium heat. when pan juices are hot, add the sage leaves and fry until fragrant, about 1 minute. remove the neck bone. add a big splash of apple juice and scrape up the browned bits at the bottom of the pan., strain this liquid into the thickened chicken broth mixture and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. whisk to combine. bring to a simmer and cook for a few minutes until thick and creamy, about 3 to 5 minutes. serve with your turkey and sides.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f and butter a 3quart baking dish. melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. add the sausage and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a plate., melt the remaining 6 tablespoons butter in the skillet, then add the onion, celery, apples, sage, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. add the cider. bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits, and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. add the broth and return to a boil, then remove from the heat., whisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. add the bread, sausage and vegetablebroth mixture and stir until combined. transfer to the prepared baking dish sprinkle with the walnuts and drizzle with the turkey drippings or dot with butter., cover the dish with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, about 30 more minutes.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., in a large skillet, melt 14 stick 2 tablespoons of the butter. add the apple wedges and onions. season with the sugar and salt and pepper to taste. cook over medium heat until the apples and onions become slightly tender and yielding but still hold their shape, 5 to 8 minutes. stir in the celery and cook to soften it slightly, about 2 additional minutes. remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the contents to a bowl. set aside., arrange the bread slices in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast until light brown. alternatively, brown them in a toaster. while the bread is still hot, lightly butter both sides of each piece. cut into 1inch squares and transfer them to a large bowl. toss with the rosemary, sage and some salt and pepper. mix to blend. set aside., heat a large skillet and add 1 tablespoon of the butter. when it melts, stir in the turnip cubes and sprinkle with the allspice. season with salt and cook over medium heat until tender, 3 to 5 minutes., combine the apple, onion and celery mixture with the cooked breakfast sausage and turnips in the bowl containing the toasted bread. mix to blend, and add the chicken stock to moisten all of the ingredients., place into a rectangular baking dish and bake until golden and cooked through, 45 to 50 minutes.melt the butter in a large wide pot over medium heat. add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft but not brown, about 10 minutes. add the apples and cook, stirring, until soft but not mushy, about 10 minutes more., sprinkle the flour and nutmeg over the onions and apples. cook, stirring, until the mixture is light brown and fragrant, 4 to 5 minutes. add the appleflavored brandy and continue to cook, stirring, until the pot is almost dry., gradually whisk in the broth until well blended. bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. add the milk and return to a simmer. whisk in the cheese a handful at a time until completely melted. season with salt and pepper., serve in soup bowls and garnish with more cheese and the chives if using.cook the bacon in a large pot over medium heat until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes per side. transfer to paper towels to drain let cool slightly, then roughly chop. pour out all but 2 tablespoons of the drippings from the pot., increase the heat under the pot to medium high. add the onion, apples and potato and cook, stirring frequently, until the apples are soft, about 8 minutes. add the chicken broth, apple juice, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. bring to a simmer and cook until the potato is soft, 10 to 12 minutes. stir in all but 2 tablespoons of the cheddar until melted. working in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree. return to the pot and season with salt and pepper., meanwhile, preheat the broiler. spread the bread with the mustard and sprinkle with the reserved 2 tablespoons cheese. broil until the cheese melts, about 30 seconds, then cut into 1inch squares. ladle the soup into bowls and top with the bacon, chives, cheese croutons and more pepper.melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large pot over mediumlow heat and add the onion, apples, potato and squash. season with salt and pepper and cook until the onion is soft, about 8 minutes. stir in the sage and flour. add the cider and cook over high heat, stirring, until thickened. add the broth and milk, cover and bring to a boil reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the potato is soft, 8 to 10 minutes., meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the prosciutto and cook until crisp, turning occasionally, about 2 minutes. drain on paper towels., add the cheese to the soup and stir over mediumlow heat until melted. puree in a blender in batches until smooth season with salt and pepper. garnish with the prosciutto, more cheese and chives, if using. serve with bread, if desired.preheat oven to 325 degrees f. butter a shallow 3quart casserole., cut or tear bread into bitesize pieces. lay bread pieces in a single layer on 1 or 2 baking sheets. bake until slightly dry and crisp, about 15 to 20 minutes. cool., peel, core, and coarsely chop the apple. coarsely chop the onion, celery, and apricots. chop the parsley., melt the 6 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the apple, onion, celery, apricots, cranberries, thyme, salt, and fennel seeds cook until soft, about 5 minutes. add the broth and parsley and bring to a boil. remove from the heat., beat the egg in a large bowl. add the toasted bread and the onion and fruit mixture toss until evenly moistened. loosely pack the dressing into the prepared pan. bake, uncovered, until the top is crusty, about 40 minutes. drizzle the pan drippings or melted butter over the top. cook until the top is crisp and golden, about 20 minutes more.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., soak the bread cubes in the chicken stock, egg, and milk until all the liquid is absorbed., saute the onions in the butter until translucent. add the apples and continue cooking until the apples have just begun to soften about 7 to 8 minutes. remove from the heat and cool before combining the onion and apple mixture with the bread cubes., lightly stir in the herbs, dried cranberries and seasoning, and pour the mixture into a 2quart ovenproof dish. bake for 35 minutes. serve hot in the baking dish.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f. set a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet. put the drumsticks on the rack and season both sides generously with salt and pepper. bake 30 minutes flip the drumsticks and continue baking until golden and crisp, about 30 more minutes., meanwhile, make the sauce bring the apple juice, vinegar, soy sauce, honey, lemon zest, red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt to a high simmer in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. cook until the sauce is syrupy and coats the back of a spoon, 20 to 25 minutes. set aside until the chicken is done., stir the sesame seeds into the sauce, if using, and warm over medium heat, if necessary. transfer the chicken to a large bowl. add the sauce and butter and toss to coat. season with salt and pepper. transfer the chicken to a platter and drizzle with any remaining sauce from the bowl.heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. add the onions and cook until soft. add the ginger and cook an additional minute. raise the heat to high, add the apple cider, brown sugar and honey and reduce to 1 cup. let cool., combine marinade in a medium shallow baking dish. add halibut fillets and turn to coat. cover and refrigerate for 2 hours., preheat grill to mediumhigh. remove halibut from marinade and season with salt. grill, skin side down for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or preferred doneness. during the last 1 minute of grilling, brush the skin side with the glaze. remove from the grill and glaze each fillet again., preheat grill to high. brush onion slices and apple slices with olive oil and grill on both sides until golden brown. remove from the grill and cut into dice., in a saucepan, combine lentils, marjoram, garlic, shallot, stock and water and season with salt and pepper. bring to a simmer and cook at a gentle simmer for 30 minutes or until lentils are just tender, drain and place lentils in a medium bowl, removing the marjoram sprigs and garlic. add the grilled apples and onions and drizzle with a few tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste.in 12inch skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. add sweet onions and thyme cook about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden. stir in salt and pepper. remove onions from skillet set aside. heat oven to 425 degrees f. high altitude 35006500 ft no change. spray large cookie sheet with crisco original nostick cooking spray. unroll pizza crust dough on cookie sheet press dough into 14x10inch rectangle. bake 7 to 11 minutes or until light golden brown. reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees f. meanwhile, in same skillet, melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. add apple and sugar cook 4 to 6 minutes, stirring occasionally, until sugar is melted and apple is slightly soft. spread onion mixture over partially baked crust. top evenly with chicken, apple mixture, bacon, green onions and cheeses. bake 10 to 20 minutes longer or until cheeses are melted and crust is golden brown.preheat broiler and preheat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat with 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter. mix chicken with apple, syrup, grill seasoning, poultry seasoning, cinnamon and nutmeg and score the meat into 4 sections. form 4 large, thin patties and set into hot butter and oil. cook 5 minutes on each side., place fork split muffins on broiler pan and toast. butter toasted muffins and reserve., heat a second nonstick skillet over medium heat and melt a tablespoon of butter in the pan. beat eggs with milk, salt and pepper and scramble to desired doneness., pile 1 sausage patty, 14 of the eggs and cheddar cheese on each of 4 muffin halves. return muffins to broiler to melt cheese, 1 to 2 minutes, then set tops into place and serve.melt country crockreg spread in 12inch nostick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook onion and celery, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes. stir in apple and cook, stirring occasionally, until apple is tender, about 4 minutes. stir in broth and apple cider. bring to a boil over high heat. remove from heat and stir in stuffing mix until moistened. garnish with pecans and parsley.directions, preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. butter a 2quart baking dish., heat the butter in a medium skillet set over medium heat. add the leek and cook, stirring occasionally until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. add the apples and cook until slightly soft, about 5 minutes. remove from the heat and transfer to a large bowl., add the cornbread, parsley and sage to the leek mixture. gradually add the broth, stirring gently until the cornbread is well moistened but not soggy. season with salt and pepper., spread out in the prepared baking dish and bake until heated through and lightly browned, about 30 minutes. sprinkle with parsley before serving.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. butter a 2 12 quart baking dish. bring a large pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 6 minutes. drain and set aside., meanwhile, melt the butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. add the sausage, mustard powder, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the sausage is golden, about 3 minutes. stir in the flour and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. stir in the apple juice and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened slightly, about 8 more minutes., slowly stir about threequarters each of the monterey jack and cheddar cheese into the sauce until smooth, about 2 minutes. remove from the heat. stir in the pasta and sour cream. pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. sprinkle with the crushed crackers and the remaining cheese. bake until bubbly, 25 to 30 minutes. let rest 10 minutes before serving.place flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. dust chicken in seasoned flour. heat oil in skillet., add chicken and cook until cooked through and the juices run clear. drain off excess oil. add apples, pecans, brandy, honey, and butter to skillet. cook until apples are tender and the sauce is reduced. pour sauce over chicken.in a medium size bowl, mix together the dry ingredients. rub the seasoning over the both halves of the chicken. cover the chicken with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 1 hour., place wood chips in the smoking tray of the grill. if you dont have this option you can make a packet out of aluminum foil and punch a few holes in the top of it with a fork and place directly on the hot coals., place the chicken on a hot grill over mediumheat with the meat side down. grill over the wood chips for 1 hour and 20 minutes. cover, this will keep in the smoke and to prevent oxygen from igniting the smoking wood. after 30 minutes turn the chicken to its opposite side. the juices near the bone should run clear.make the brine bring 2 cups water, 34 cup salt and the peppercorns to a simmer in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the salt. let cool, then stir in the apple and lemon juices., cut the backbone out of each chicken using kitchen shears discard. trim off any remaining ribs. place the chickens breastside up, then firmly press down with your hands to flatten. trim off any excess skin. transfer the chickens to a large pot, laying them flat or use a twogallon resealable plastic bag. add the brine, thyme, garlic and 2 cups cold water. if the chickens are not covered, add 1 to 2 more cups water. refrigerate 8 hours or overnight., place a drip pan under the grill grates. preheat the grill to medium and prepare for indirect cooking on a gas grill, turn off half the burners on a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side. meanwhile, soak the applewood chips in water, 30 minutes drain. remove the chickens from the brine and pat dry. season on both sides with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper., when the grill registers 375 degrees f, add the wood chips on a gas grill, fill a smoke box with half the chips and use according to the manufacturers instructions on a charcoal grill, sprinkle half the chips over the coals. place the chickens breastside up on the cooler side of the grill, making sure they lie flat. cover the grill and cook 1 hour, then add the remaining wood chips if using charcoal, add more coals at this point or as needed so the temperature stays between 325 degrees f and 375 degrees f. continue grilling until a thermometer inserted into the thighs and breasts registers 165 degrees f and the skin is browned and crisp, 1 to 1 12 more hours. transfer the chickens to a cutting board and let rest at least 15 minutes before carving.heat a large skillet with a lid over medium high heat. add oil and chicken. season with salt and pepper. lightly brown the chicken a few minutes on each side, add onions. cook 5 minutes. add vinegar to the pan and let it evaporate. add apricots and stock. when stock comes to a bubble, add preserves and stir to combine. cover pan, reduce heat and simmer 10 to 15 minutes. serve chicken with a sprinkle of chopped parsley.in a medium saucepan add a 2 count of extravirgin olive oil. add the red onion, apricots and almonds and saute gently over low heat until translucent and slightly fragrant. add the couscous then dump in the warm chicken broth. stir with a fork to combine, add lemon zest and cover. let sit for 10 minutes, then uncover and add the scallions, mint, and cilantro. fluff again with a fork. season, to taste, with salt and pepper. toss gently to combine., serve familystyle on a large platter and garnish with fresh cilantro.directions, preheat oven to 350 degrees. butter a 10inch round cake pan, 2inches deep and line the bottom with a disk of parchment or wax paper., in a large mixing bowl, beat the butter and sugar until light and soft. add the egg and continue beating until light. add the yolks one at a time, beating well between each addition. beat in the vanilla. sift together the flour and baking powder and stir into the batter. spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan., arrange the apricots skin side down on the batter in concentric rows, overlapping slightly, leaving a margin of about 1inch around the edge. dont be concerned if the apricots mounds slightly in the center of the cake, the top will even out as the cake bakes., for the crumbs, mix the flour, sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. melt the butter and stir it in evenly. rub the mixture to coarse crumbs by hand. scatter the crumbs over the apricot and the batter at the edges as evenly as possible. bake the cake 1 hour until a knife point inserted in the center emerges clean. cool the cake in the pan for about 15 minutes and invert a plate on it. invert onto the plate and lift off the pan. peel off the paper and invert a rack on the cake. invert onto the rack and cool.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., trim any extra fat from the chicken pieces and transfer them to a large roasting pan or broiler pan. if you dont have a roasting pan thats large enough, use 2 identical 13 by 9inch baking pans., toss all of the ingredients together with the chicken until the chicken is evenly coated with the sauce. arrange the chicken pieces skinside up in the pan, spaced evenly apart., if youre looking to prepare in advance, you can do everything up to this point and cover the roasting dishes and refrigerate until youre ready to roast the chicken., roast, uncovered, until the tops of the chicken pieces are browned and the chicken is cooked through, and the juices run clear, about 35 to 40 minutes.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., melt 14 cup of butter in a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. brown the duck breasts skin side down for about 2 minutes without shaking the pan. turn over and cook on the other side for another 2 minutes. remove to a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. transfer the duck breasts to a cutting board and set aside to rest., using the same pan you cooked the duck in, saute the onions, over medium heat, until golden brown. add in the chopped apricots, apple cider vinegar, chicken stock and white wine. cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes., in a small bowl, mix the cornstarch with a little cold water to create a slurry. slowly add it to the apricot mixture, stirring constantly until the desired consistency is reached., allow to cook until the paste taste disappears, about 3 to 4 minutes. season with salt and pepper, to taste. stir in the tarragon and the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter., slice the duck breast on a bias. lay a little sauce on the base of each white serving plate and top with the duck. spoon a little more sauce over the duck and serve.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., slice the bread into 10 slices, each about 12inch thick. brush the bread slices with the olive oil and arrange on a baking sheet. bake for 10 to 15 minutes until crisp and golden. cool to room temperature., spread each slice of the toasted bread with the apricot preserves then place a slice of the cheese on top. arrange the sliced chicken on top of the cheese. cut each piece of prosciutto in half and place on top of the chicken. transfer the bruschetta to a serving platter. drizzle with the extravirgin olive oil and serve.for the rub preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., in a small bowl, mix together the chili powder, paprika, cumin and 1 tablespoon salt., lay 2 halfracks of ribs flat in a 9by13inch glass baking dish. repeat with the remaining 2 halfracks. using your hands, coat each rack with the spice rub. set aside., for the sauce heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. add the onions and 2 teaspoons salt and cook until translucent and lightly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. add the garlic and chiles and cook for 2 minutes. add the apple cider vinegar, and cook, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, for 3 minutes. add the mustard and preserves. stir to combine. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook to allow the flavors to marry, about 3 minutes. turn off the heat and carefully pour half the sauce over the ribs. pour 12 cup of the chicken stock into the bottom of each dish. cover the baking dishes with foil and place into the oven on the middle rack. bake until the meat is tender, about 1 12 hours., meanwhile, cook the remaining sauce over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half, about 20 minutes., heat a grill pan or a gas or charcoal grill over mediumhigh heat., using a pastry brush, glaze the baked ribs with the reduced sauce. place the ribs meatside down onto the hot grill and cook until slightly charred, 3 to 5 minutes. turn the ribs over and cook for an additional 5 minutes. flip one final time, allowing the ribs to cook until perfectly charred, 3 to 5 minutes more. remove from the grill and rest for 10 minutes before cutting., serve alongside a bowl of any remaining sauce.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., place the chiles and 2 cups of chicken broth in medium saucepan. bring to a boil, and then turn off the heat. let the chiles stand for 5 to 10 minutes to soften., mix 34 cup of chicken broth, melted butter, and tequila in a small metal bowl. season with salt. using a kitchen flavor injector, inject the mixture into the thighs, breasts, and legs of the turkey. if the mixture solidifies, place the bowl over a gas burner or in a warm oven until the butter melts., place the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan. tuck the wing tips under the turkey body. tie the legs together with kitchen twine. place the giblets in the pan., transfer the chiles with their liquid to a blender. add the apricot preserves, oregano, and garlic and process until smooth. season with salt and pepper, to taste., transfer the chile puree to a medium saucepan. rub about 1 cup of the chile puree all over the turkey reserve the rest for the sauce at the end, working some of it between the breast and the skin. season the turkey generously with salt and pepper., add 1 cup broth to the roasting pan and roast for 45 minutes., reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees f. continue roasting the turkey until a thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165 degrees f, about 2 hours longer, basting every 20 minutes with drippings. cover the turkey loosely with foil if it begins to brown., transfer the turkey to a platter, reserving the pan juices, and allow to rest while preparing the sauce., strain the pan juices into a large, heavy saucepan and discard any solids. spoon the fat from the top of the liquid and discard. add the remaining chile puree to the saucepan and stir until well combined. boil over high heat until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. season with salt and pepper, to taste., garnish the turkey with dried apricots, dried chiles, and fresh cilantro. serve with the chile puree alongside.cut each chicken breast into 4 or 5 large chunks season with salt and pepper. heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the olive oil. add the chicken and cook, turning, until browned on all sides and almost cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes. remove to a plate., add 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet and reduce the heat to medium. add the carrots and 12 cup water. cover and simmer until the carrots are crisptender, 3 to 4 minutes. uncover and increase the heat to medium high. cook until the water evaporates, 1 minute., reduce the heat to medium and melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet. add the asparagus, snow peas and 14 teaspoon salt. cover and cook until the vegetables are crisptender, about 3 minutes. return the chicken to the skillet along with the apricot preserves, mustard, scallions, tarragon and lemon zest. simmer, tossing, until the preserves are melted and the chicken and vegetables are glazed season with salt and pepper.bring the broth and 14 teaspoon salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. stir in the rice, reduce the heat to low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. spread on a parchmentlined baking sheet and let cool completely., combine the pine nuts, mozzarella, fontina and parsley in a bowl set aside., beat the eggs in a large bowl, then stir in the cooled rice, the parmesan and 23 cup breadcrumbs. shape the mixture into sixteen 1 12inch balls., put the remaining breadcrumbs in a shallow bowl. press your finger into the center of each rice ball, insert 2 teaspoons of the mozzarella mixture, then pinch the rice around the filling to enclose. roll the balls in the breadcrumbs and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. loosely cover and refrigerate, at least 1 hour or overnight. if refrigerating overnight, roll in more breadcrumbs before frying., heat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees f. working in batches, fry the rice balls, turning, until golden brown on all sides, about 4 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season with salt.pour enough oil in a heavy large saucepan to reach the depth of 3 inches. heat the oil over medium heat to 350 degrees f., stir the eggs, risotto, parmesan, and 12 cup of the bread crumbs in a large bowl to combine. place the remaining breadcrumbs in a medium bowl. using about 2 tablespoons of the risotto mixture for each, form the risotto mixture into 1 34inchdiameter balls. insert 1 cube of mozzarella into the center of each ball. roll the balls in the bread crumbs to coat., working in batches, add the rice balls to the hot ail and cook until brown and heated through, turning them as necessary, about 4 minutes. using a slotted spoon, transfer the rice balls to paper towels to drain. season with salt. let rest 2 minutes. serve hot., bring the broth to a simmer in a heavy medium saucepan. add the porcini mushrooms. set aside until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes. keep the broth warm over very low heat., melt the butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. add olive oil. add the onions and saute until tender, about 8 minutes. add the white mushrooms and garlic. using a slotted spoon, transfer the porcini mushrooms to a cutting board. finely chop the mushrooms and add to the saucepan. saute until the mushrooms are tender and the juices evaporate, about 5 minutes. stir in the rice and let it toast for a few minutes. add the wine cook until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 2 minutes. add 1 cup of hot broth simmer over mediumlow heat until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 3 minutes. continue to cook until the rice is just tender and the mixture is creamy, adding more broth by cupfuls and stirring often, about 28 minutes the rice will absorb 6 to 8 cups of broth. stir in the peas. mix in the parmesan. season with salt and pepper, to taste.in a large heavybottomed pot, add 12inch of oil and heat to 325 degrees f. dip chicken in water, sprinkle curry on both sides, roll in flour and repeat for remaining chicken breast. fry chicken in oil for 3 to 5 minutes on each side or until juices run clear when pierced. remove to a paper towellined plate., in a separate pot bring the broth to a boil. sift the flour directly into the stock, and immediately start whisking. continue to boil on medium heat until sauce starts to thicken. stir in the liqueur., in a separate skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. add the portobello slices and the garlic. saute until mushrooms are tender., place chicken breast on plate, top with mushrooms, and then cover with the sauce.clean the head of the cabbage by removing all the leaves and the hard stems on it. blanch quickly in boiling water and refresh it in cold water. clean the wild mushrooms. in a medium pot over low heat sweat the bacon and add the cabbage mix everything together until the cabbage gets very soft add the mushrooms sweat some more the add the chicken broth. let simmer slowly until the cabbage is very soft. add a little bit of butter and finish cooking everything. in a saute pan over high heat add oil, sear the char skin side down only. cook the char until, medium rare ., finish the cabbage with a little drop of balsamic vinegar. place the cabbage on a platter and serve the char on top ., serve very hot.clean the head of the cabbage by removing all the leaves and the hard stems on it. blanch quickly in boiling water and refresh it in cold water. clean the wild mushrooms. in a medium pot over low heat sweat the bacon and add the cabbage mix everything together until the cabbage gets very soft add the mushrooms sweat some more the add the chicken broth. let simmer slowly until the cabbage is very soft. add a little bit of butter and finish cooking everything. in a saute pan over high heat add oil, sear the char skin side down only. cook the char until, medium rare ., finish the cabbage with a little drop of balsamic vinegar. place the cabbage on a platter and serve the char on top ., serve very hot.combine the chicken wings, 14 cup of the olive oil and paprika in a large bowl, sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper then toss until evenly combined. refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight., meanwhile, make the chimichurri combine the vinegar, garlic and a generous pinch of salt in a blender and blend on low until smooth. add the parsley, cilantro, oregano, ice and jalapeno and blend on medium speed. with the blender running, slowly drizzle in the remaining 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil and puree until smooth, about 1 minute, stopping to scrape down the sides if necessary. season the chimichurri with more salt and pepper and transfer to a serving bowl, cover with plastic and refrigerate until ready to serve., preheat a grill to medium. brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. grill the chicken wings, turning every 6 minutes, until golden brown, lightly charred at the edges and cooked through, about 25 minutes., transfer the wings to a serving platter and season with salt to taste. drizzle with some chimichurri sauce and serve the remaining sauce on the side.to make turkey preheat oven to 350 degrees. remove and discard giblets and neck from turkey. rinse turkey with cold water pat dry. trim excess fat. starting at neck cavity, loosen skin from breast and drumsticks by inserting fingers, gently pushing between skin and meat., combine cumin and next 5 ingredients cumin through tumeric in a bowl. rub cumin mixture under loosened skin and inside body cavity. tie ends of legs with cord. lift wing tips up and over back tuck under turkey., place turkey on a broiler pan coated with cooking spray or on a rack set in a shallow roasting pan. insert meat thermometer into meaty part of thigh, making sure not to touch bone. bake at 350 degrees for 3 hours or until thermometer registers 180 degrees. cover loosely with foil if it gets too brown., combine boiling water and chipotle chiles in a small bowl cover and let stand 30 minutes or until soft. drain, discard stems, seeds, and membranes. combine chiles and 12 cup broth in a blender, and process until smooth. set aside., remove turkey from oven. cover turkey loosely with foil let stand at least 10 minutes before carving., place a ziptop plastic bag inside a 2cup glass measure. pour drippings into bag let stand 10 minutes fat will rise to the top. seal bag, and carefully snip off 1 bottom corner of bag. drain drippings into a medium saucepan, stopping before fat layer reaches opening discard fat. add 3 cups broth to drippings. bring to a boil cook until reduced to 3 cups about 6 minutes. stir in chile mixture, tomato paste, and worcestershire sauce. combine 14 cup broth and flour in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk, and add to chile mixture in saucepan. bring to a boil reduce heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. strain mixture through a sieve over a bowl and discard solids. serve sauce with turkey. garnish with fresh chiles and herbs, if desiredmix flour, chile, salt and pepper and coat oxtails well. in a hot stock pot, coat bottom with oil and sear oxtails until all sides are browned. pull out oxtails and wipe out stock pot. saute onions, fennel, celery, carrots, garlic, ginger and lemon grass. deglaze with wine and reduce. add tomatoes, soy, thyme and bay. add water to completely cover meat. check for seasoning the broth should taste well seasoned. bring to boil then simmer on low heat for 3 hours. the meat should fall off of the bone. remove oxtails and reduce sauce by 20 percent. using a hand blender, puree sauce. check for seasoning. serve on top of polenta., preserved lemon polenta in a saucepan, saute shallots and ginger in 1 tablespoon of butter. add polenta, lemons, stock, salt, pepper and butter. check for seasoning. stir well and cover tightly. bake in 400 degree oven for 1 hour. a crust will form. break through crust for polenta.line a baking sheet with parchment paper., toss the frozen sweet potato fries with the oil in a large bowl. sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of the fajita seasoning and a pinch of salt and toss again. pour the fries onto the prepared baking sheet and bake according to the package directions., meanwhile, place a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the fresh chorizo and sprinkle with the remaining 1 teaspoon fajita seasoning and 12 teaspoon salt. cook the chorizo, stirring occasionally, until evenly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. reduce the heat to medium and stir in the cream cheese, chicken stock, sour cream, pickled jalapeno and hot sauce until combined. add the cheddar and cook, stirring, until melted, 2 to 3 minutes more. the sauce should be thick but pourable., divide the hot fries among 6 plates. pour the cheesy chorizo sauce over the fries. top with the black beans, romaine and avocado. spoon some pico de gallo on top and sprinkle with the fresno chile. serve immediately with a fresh lime wedge.add a tablespoon or so of olive oil to a hot pan over mediumhigh heat, throw in the red pepper flakes, garlic and onions and give them a stir. add the wine or chicken broth, whisking to deglaze the bottom of the pan. cook until the liquid reduces by half. add the crushed tomatoes and italian seasoning and stir to combine. add a pinch of sugar and some salt and pepper to taste. reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes., let cool, then portion into 4 freezer bags and freeze.preheat oven to 375 degrees. brush pork with olive oil and season with rosemary salt and freshly ground black pepper. lay fresh whole rosemary sprigs on top of roast and fasten with butchers twine. pour a few tablespoons of olive oil into a large skillet or roasting pan over high heat until almost smoking. sear pork roast on all sides including ends until golden brown, about 10 minutes. add more oil to pan if necessary along with onions, carrots, celery and garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes until vegetables begin to soften. add the white wine and transfer pan to oven. cook for about one hour or until the thickest part of meat reaches 150 degrees f. if bone tips begin to burn, cover them with foil. once the roast is cooked, remove from pan to cutting board. reserve roasting pan with vegetables and juices. cover pork on cutting board with foil and allow to rest for about 20 minutes before carving., remove butchers twine from roast and carve between chops. serve sliced pork drizzled with sauce and chestnut honey glazed peaches., heat the butter in a large skillet over high heat until melted and bubbling. add the peaches to cook until lightly browned on all sides, about 4 minutes. lower the heat, pour in the honey and stir until dissolved, followed by the vinegar. stir while cooking. add rosemary sprig and finish cooking until peaches are well glazed, about 5 minutes., to assemble return roasting pan with vegetables back to stove and heat over medium heat. add remaining the white wine and scrape reserved fat from bottom and sides of pan to incorporate into juices. add chicken stock and increase heat to a simmer, until liquid reduces by half. season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. remove pan from stove and strain liquid from vegetables, squeezing out excess juice from vegetables using the back of a wooden spoon. discard solids. skim fat from liquid and reserve sauce.for the achiote oil heat the oil and achiote seeds in a saute pan over low heat for 5 minutes. strain the oil and let cool. set aside 3 tablespoons for the refrito, and reserve the remaining oil for another use., for the refrito place the peppers, tomatoes, cilantro and onions in a food processor and pulse until blended. add in 3 tablespoons of the achiote oil and season the mixture with salt and black pepper. stir everything together and chill until needed. set aside 12 cup for the arroz amarillo, and then reserve the rest for another use., for the arroz heat the oil in a pot over medium heat. add 12 cup refrito, achiote powder and turmeric and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. stir in the rice until evenly coated with the refrito mixture. stir in the hot chicken stock and bring to a boil. boil for about 10 minutes, and then reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and continue to cook the rice for 20 minutes. chill the rice before serving.in a small saucer, stir together the lemon juice and the saffron and leave to soak for 15 minutes., in a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. add the onion and saute for 4 to 5 minutes, or until softened. add the garlic and stir for 1 minute more, until the aroma of the garlic is released. add the rice and stir for 3 to 4 minutes, until the kernels are slightly toasty and make a clicking noise on the pan. stir in the lemon juice and saffron mixture, then add the chicken stock and bring to a boil. add the fresh peas, if using, otherwise add the frozen peas during the last 10 minutes of cooking time. reduce the heat so that the liquid is simmering. cover and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender. serve hot.in a heavy 4quart stockpot, heat the oil over low heat. add the onion and fry until soft and clear, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and continue to fry for another 3 to 5 minutes. add the rice and stir well. fry slowly without moving it too much, about 10 minutes. stir in the hot chicken stock and the hierbabuena or mint. add salt and pepper to taste. cover and let cook for 15 to 20 minutes, or until all the stock is absorbed. do not peek at or stir the rice during the cooking process., cut the plantains in half. cut each half lengthwise into 14inch thick slices about 4 to 5 slices. in an 8inch castiron frying pan, heat the oil until smoking. add the plantains and fry 3 to 5 minutes on each side or until brown. remove them from the oil and drain on paper towels. mound the rice on a plate or a platter and serve with the fried plantains on top.heat a 5quart pot over mediumhigh heat. add the oil and garlic and cook, stirring often, until the garlic is fragrant and golden, about 2 minutes. use a slotted spoon to transfer the garlic to a papertowel lined plate, and reserve for serving. reserve the garlicinfused oil in the pot, off the heat., season the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. return the pot to the stove over mediumhigh heat, then add the chicken, skinsidedown and cook until the skin is golden, turning halfway through, about 8 minutes. transfer the chicken to a bowl. add the onion, ginger, and rice to the pot. cook, stirring often, 1 to 2 minutes. add the chicken broth, 4 cups water, a pinch of saffron, and the bay leaf to the rice. return the chicken and juices to the pot. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a vigorous simmer., cook, partially covered, until the chicken is tender, the rice is cooked, and the soup is thickened, about 30 minutes. discard the bay leaf, stir in the fish sauce and lime juice, and season the soup with salt and pepper. serve one chicken thigh per bowl of soup and garnish with the fried garlic, scallion greens, freshly ground pepper, reserved saffron threads, and lime wedges.season the chicken liberally with salt, pepper, and paprika, add to a preheated large, shallow pot with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. once browned, remove the chicken to a plate and drain off the fat. add butter to the pot and melt. brown the pasta 2 minutes or until golden, remove to plate and reserve., place the saffron and chicken stock in a small pot and warm it up to steep the saffron threads., once the pasta is browned and has been removed from the pot, add the remaining tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, and brown the ham, about 2 minutes. add the onions, celery, bell peppers, hot peppers, garlic and bay leaf to the pan. cook 5 to 6 minutes to soften up a bit, then add the tomatoes, rice. stir in the pasta and warm saffron stock. add the chicken and cover the pot, cook 18 minutes, until rice is tender. serve or cool completely and store for makeahead meal., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., heat the dish in the oven until heated through. to reheat add 12 cup stock or water, sprinkled around the pan. if madeahead and reheated, the rice will become crunchy on top and at the edges, but this can be a plus in the texture of the dish.heat a medium pot over medium heat and add the oil. add the garlic and onions and saute for about 1 minute to infuse the oil. add the tomatoes, carrots, celery and peppers. then add the cumin, oregano and 1 tablespoon salt. saute until the carrots are tender, about 5 minutes. add 1 12 cups water, cover the pot and cook until the mixture develops into a sauce, about 15 minutes. add the shredded chicken, olives, capers and achiote seasoning and stir well. continue cooking to meld the flavors, about 10 minutes. add the rice and fluff with a fork. add the peas and cilantro and warm through. garnish with tomato and avocado wedges. serve with a vinaigrettedressed coleslaw and potato chips.in a small pot combine the olive oil and annatto seeds. heat over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes. remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. strain the seeds from oil and discard the seeds. reserve 12 cup of the oil for the roasted pork with citrus mojo marinade recipe and 14 cup for the arroz con pollo bites., season the chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. heat 2 tablespoons of the annatto oil in a large highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. brown the chicken on all sides and transfer to plate. to the same skillet add the remaining 2 tablespoons annatto oil, the onion, pepper, and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. add the rice and cook for another 2 minutes. stir in the chicken stock, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the cooked chicken. cover, turn the heat to low and cook until all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. remove from heat and set aside., heat the canola oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. slice the top and bottom inch off of each plantain. slice through the skin from the top down to the bottom on each side of each plantain. peel the skin off in strips and slice the plantain into 1inch thick slices. fry the plantain slices 3 minutes on each side. remove and drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray. heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. smash the plantains with the backside of a large metal spoon or with a small skillet. put the plantains back in the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side. remove to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain and season with salt and pepper, to taste., combine the olives with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a mini food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. set aside., to assemble put a teaspoon of the olive tapenade onto a fried plantain. top with a tablespoon of rice. put a piece of chicken on top and a little more of the olive tapenade, for garnish. repeat with remaining ingredients. arrange the bites on a serving platter, sprinkle with freshly chopped cilantro and serve.heat lard in a heavy saucepan. add garlic and saute 1 minute. add rice and saute gently 12 minutes. add water and salt and bring to a boil. lower the heat, cover tightly and cook for 1520 minutes, or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed. fluff with a fork and add chopped parsley. serve on a platter with shrimp in the middle.using a box grater, grate the tomato into a medium bowl, discarding the tomato skin., heat the oil in a medium heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. stir in the rice and cook until slightly toasted, about 3 minutes., add the broth, tomato sauce and grated tomato and bring to a boil. add the serrano, cilantro sprig and salt, to taste. bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes., turn off the heat under the skillet. cover the rice and let stand for 8 minutes. fluff the rice with a fork, transfer to a serving bowl and serve.sprinkle crispy chicken strips with the chili powder if desired and prepare according to package directions., meanwhile, heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. add the onion, peppers, garlic, and salt. cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. add the rice and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 2 minutes. add the broth and water and bring to a boil. cover, reduce the heat to low, and simmer just until the rice is tender, about 20 minutes., stir the olives and cilantro into the rice. cut the chicken into slices. divide the rice among serving plates and top with the chicken.directions, in a saute pan, cook the bacon, drain the fat and cut into small pieces. in the same pan, add onion, aji verdes and garlic. saute until golden brown. add the ham. add tomato paste and caramelize. add pigeon peas and chicken stock. season with salt to taste and bring to a boil. add rice and stir once. cook on medium heat until most of the liquid is absorbed. cover with banana leaves and continue cooking on very low heat until the rest of the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes.combine the salt, garlic powder, cumin, black pepper and cayenne in a plastic gallon bag. shake until the mixture is well combined., pat the chicken dry and place in the bag with the spice mixture. shake the bag, making sure the chicken is well coated., heat the oil in a 12inch highsided skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. add the chicken and brown on all sides, about 6 minutes each side. transfer the chicken to a plate, using tongs., add the onions, green peppers, red peppers and 12 teaspoon salt to the skillet. cook the vegetables over moderate heat, stirring, until softened and fragrant, about 7 minutes. add the rice and garlic and cook until the rice begins to turn gold in color and fragrant, about 1 minute., meanwhile, combine the stock, tomato sauce and remaining teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. add 1 14 cups water and the stock mixture to the skillet and stir to make sure the rice is covered in liquid. nestle the chicken in the rice, adding any juices from the plate. bring the rice to a boil. reduce the heat to mediumlow and cover. cook until the chicken is cooked through, the rice is tender and most of the liquid is absorbed, about 35 minutes. let the skillet stand covered, about 10 minutes before serving.place 12 cup of olive oil in small pan and add the achiote. heat on medium heat until bubbles form, then remove from heat and let steep. drain achiote seeds from oil should be a vibrant reddishorange color. place oil in large stockpot. heat oil on high and place chicken pieces in pot and brown  this is done just to brown chicken not to cook it. remove chicken from pot place diced onions, garlic, and peppers in pot with the achiote. saute until soft do not burn garlic. put capers in pot and cook for a while with the onion mixture. add rice to the pot with garlic, peppers, garlic and capers, then swirl rice into the mixture. let the rice cook for just about a minute. place cut up cilantro and basil in pot. add in chicken broth and make sure you scrape the pot. add chicken pieces back in. put olives in and mix. place bay leaves in pot. check for seasonings please note add salt and pepper at the end. let the mixture cook on medium heat until the rice is done. add peas just before serving., in another medium pot place peeled asparagus in water and boil until they turn bright green. place in ice bath to stop the cooking process., to serve, place rice and chicken in a large platter. arrange chicken pieces around platter and rice in the center. place cooked asparagus around the platter and then place pimentos in the center., serve with tostones recipe follows., peel plantains and cut at an angle. place in cold water with salt. in a large frying pan put in 12 cup oil preferably peanut oil . place plantains in pan and cook until somewhat soft they will turn a lovely pale yellow color. take them out of the pan and smash each one between 2 pieces of foil folded 2 or 3 times to make a thick pad  place 2 paper towels on top of foil so that you dont burn yourself. return to frying pan you may have to add more oil. fry until crisp and then season with salt. serve with rice and chicken  or just about anythingrinse and pat the chicken pieces completely dry with paper towels. season generously with salt and pepper. in a heavy ovenproof casserole, heat the lard or bacon fat over medium heat. add the salt pork and, stirring frequently, cook until it is crisp and golden and has rendered all its fat. with a slotted spoon, transfer the pork to paper towels to drain and add the chicken pieces to the casserole. using heavy kitchen tongs, brown the chicken pieces quickly and evenly, turning to brown all sides. transfer the chicken to a platter and set aside., pour off and discard all but a thin film of fat from the casserole and add the butter. increase the heat to medium and when the pan is hot, throw in the noodles. cook them, stirring almost constantly, until they are browned, 6 to 8 minutes. immediately reduce the heat to low and add the onion. cook for 4 to 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened. add the garlic, paprika, and tomatoes and cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes, or until most of the liquid has evaporated and the mixture is thickened. return the chicken pieces and salt pork to the casserole., add the rice, peas, boiling water, saffron, and 1 teaspoon salt. stir together gently but thoroughly and bring to a boil over high heat. reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer very gently for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the chicken is tender and done all the way through with no trace of pink remaining. the rice will have absorbed all the liquid. stir in the parsley, cover again and let stand for 5 minutes before serving.place the chicken, quartered onions, 1 cup of chicken broth, beer, delicioso adobo, worcestershire sauce, 12 of the cilantro, and garlic in a large pot or skillet over high heat. bring to a boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover, and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes. remove the chicken to a plate and set aside to cool once cool shred and set aside. strain the broth into a bowl through a finemesh sieve discarding the onion pieces., pour the broth into a measuring cup and add water to make 4 cups of liquid. return it to the pot or skillet and add the rice, peas, carrots, green beans, ketchup, and salt. stir well and bring to a boil. let the liquid evaporate to just below the level of the rice, about 10 minutes, and then reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until the rice is tender and fully cooked, 25 minutes., meanwhile, melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. add the peppers and the remaining sliced onions and cook until theyre tender, 8 minutes. shred the cooked chicken meat discarding the skin and bones, and add the chicken to the vegetables. cook until it is heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. fluff the rice with a fork and add the chicken and vegetables to the rice mixture. stir in the olives, sprinkle with the remaining cilantro and serve., combine all measured ingredients in a small glass jar with an airtight lid and shake to blend. store in a cool, dry place for up to 2 weeks.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., heat the olive oil in a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. add 3 drumsticks and 3 thighs to the dutch oven and cook until browned on both sides, 7 to 8 minutes. remove the chicken pieces with a slotted spoon and set aside. repeat with the remaining drumsticks and thighs., add the onions and peppers to the pot and cook until the onions are translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. add the garlic and saute for about 1 minute. add the paprika, cumin, saffron and bay leaves, stirring until incorporated. next, add the diced tomatoes, chicken broth, beer, rice and 1 teaspoon salt mix well. bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer., return the chicken pieces to the pot, cover, and transfer to the oven for 20 minutes. remove the pot from the oven, add the peas and pimientos, then cover and return to the oven until the rice is completely tender, another 5 to 10 minutes.1. using paper towels, pat chicken dry. season chicken with adobo. heat oil in caldero, or large heavy pot over medium heat. cook chicken, in batches, until brown on all sides, 710 minutes set aside., 2. stir onions, peppers and garlic into pot cook until soft, about 5 minutes. add rice, bouillon and sazon to pot cook, stirring constantly, until rice is completely coated in oil mixture, about 1 minute., 3. stir in 3 cups water bring to a boil. add alcaparrado and chicken skinside up to pot. cover pot, reduce heat to low and simmer until water is absorbed, rice is tender and chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes., 4. to serve, using fork, fluff rice garnish with pimiento strips and peas.in a medium bowl, sprinkle salt and pepper on the chicken pieces, then pour the rum and lime juice over and set aside., add olive oil to large paella pan and heat over a medium fire. then, add onions, green peppers, and red peppers. saute until tender. then, add garlic and then the crushed tomatoes. this should simmer for at least 3 minutes., next, add the drunk chicken followed by the marinade. let simmer. add chicken broth, the saffron, and then the rice. bring all of this to a boil, cover with foil, and place in a preheated 350degree oven for 25 minutes or until rice has absorbed the liquid but is still slightly wet., garnish with peas, pimientos, and parsley and serve.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., rinse the chicken pieces and pat dry. in a small bowl, blend 2 tablespoons oil, salt, pepper, cumin, oregano, paprika and cayenne. rub each piece of chicken with the spice paste and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes for the flavor to develop., in a heavy, ovenproof casserole with lid, heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil. fry the chorizo over medium heat until it is crispy and renders its fat. remove the chorizo with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. place the chicken in the pan, skin side down, and brown on all sides, about 10 minutes remove from pan and set aside. make a sofrito by sauteing the onion, garlic, bell pepper and bay leaves cooking until the vegetables are very soft and almost dissolved. stir in the rice so the grains are well coated with the sofrito., add the tomatoes and broth, season with salt and pepper. return the chorizo and chicken to the pan. bring the mixture to a boil and let simmer for 5 minutes. cover and transfer pot to oven. bake for 20 minutes or until the chicken is done and the rice is tender and has absorbed the liquid. scatter the olives on top of the chicken and rice before serving., to prepare the salsa verde in a mortar and pestle or food processor, mash together all ingredients to form a loose paste. garnish arroz con pollo with salsa verde before serving.open can of tomatoes and chicken broth and set aside. these ingredients have to be added quickly, so have them ready., heat lard or shortening in a saucepan on mediumhigh. add rice, stirring constantly. when rice is brown, immediately add the onion and garlic and stir so it is evenly mixed. quickly add the 2 tomatoes squish them with your hand. add 14 cup of liquid from the can of tomatoes and 34 of the entire amount of chicken broth. bring to a full boil, cover and reduce heat to mediumlow. let simmer until rice is tender and most of broth has evaporated, about 20 to 30 minutes. the remaining broth can be added if rice is still a little hard remove rice from heat and leave covered until ready to serve.add the cauliflower and a pinch of salt to a boiling pot of water and cook until cooked through and very tender, about 10 minutes. drain well and quickly dry well with paper towels. add the hot cauliflower to a food processor with the chicken stock, cheese, olive oil, yogurt and garlic and process until smooth. stir in a pinch of salt and pepper and the chopped rosemary, and serve immediately.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., warm the olive oil in a heavy bottom skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. add the artichoke hearts, parsley, salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes and cook until the artichoke hearts are starting to brown at the edges, about 3 minutes. add the chicken broth and wine and simmer for 3 minutes. transfer the artichoke mixture to a 2quart baking dish., melt the butter in the same skillet used to cook the artichokes. in a small bowl mix the melted butter with the bread crumbs. stir in the parmesan and top the artichokes with the bread crumbs. bake until the top is golden, about 10 minutes.in a large bowl toss all of the ingredients. serve or store in the refrigerator until ready to serve., in a 1quart mason jar, place all of the herbs, zest, chile, and peppercorns. pour both oils into a saucepan and heat to 200 degrees f. pour the hot oils into the jar and cover with a kitchen towel. let stand overnight., place cheesecloth over the top of the jar and replace the outer rim of the lid. invert and strain oil into desired container.in a skillet sprayed with vegetable oil cooking spray, brown the instant rice and pasta mixture. do not add the butter or oil that the package directions suggest. add the water the package requires and the seasoning packet and prepare according to package directions., drain the artichoke hearts and reserve the marinade. in a small bowl, whisk the marinade and the mayonnaise to combine. add the archichoke hearts, green pepper, green onions, olives, curry powder, salt and pepper, to taste, and mix together., if serving this recipe cold, cook the shrimp in a small amount of salted water for about 3 to 4 minutes, until firm and cooked through. test a shrimp to see if it is the texture you like. if you are going to serve this as a hot casserole, just plunge the shrimp into boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes and drain. do not overcook., add the artichoke mixture to the rice and pasta mixture. gently stir in the cooked shrimp. if serving as a salad, chill until ready to serve. if serving as a casserole, preheat oven to 350 degrees f. place in a 2 12quart casserole dish and bake for 20 minutes, until heated through.heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. add the artichoke hearts and reduce the heat to medium high. cook, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes, or until the hearts are beginning to brown. remove to a plate and set aside., to the same pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the butter and the shallots and cook for 1 minute, stirring regularly. add the rice and salt and stir with a wooden spoon to coat all the kernels with oil. continue to cook for 3 minutes, or until the rice is sizzling. add the wine and cook, stirring, until it is almost completely absorbed. now begin adding the chicken broth, one cup at a time, stirring frequently between additions. after the first cup is almost entirely absorbed, add the next cup. continue in this way until the rice is cooked through and you have a creamy risotto, about 20 minutes in all. the risotto should be slightly loose, not dry it should run off your spoon. if it gets too dry, add a bit more broth. stir in the peas, feta, chives, mint and black pepper. gently stir in the artichoke hearts and the lemon juice. serve.bring the chicken stock to a boil over high heat., clean the artichokes, leaving the tender inner leaves attached to the hearts, and halved. rub with 12 lemon., cook artichokes until tender, about 10 minutes., in a saute pan over low heat, saute onions and garlic together in olive oil. add rice and toast to harden the outer starch. add wine and slowly add chicken stock, only adding as much as will evaporate in 1 minute, until rice is cooked and creamy., when the rice is cooked, remove from heat and allow it to set for a few minutes to absorb any remaining liquid. just before serving, mix in the artichokes, cheese, chopped parsley, thyme leaves, and salt and pepper, to taste.heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. add the celery, onion, 14 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. cook the vegetables until just tender, about 4 minutes. add 2 cups broth and the artichoke hearts and bring to a boil. cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the artichoke hearts are tender, about 12 minutes., puree the soup, 1 cup at a time, in a blender until very smooth, adding the spinach and chopped mint with the last cup. return the puree to the same saucepan. mix in the remaining 14 teaspoon salt. warm over low heat, thinning with the additional broth by 14 cupfuls if the soup is too thick. ladle the soup into bowls. squeeze a lemon wedge over each bowl of soup before serving.in a glass or ceramic bowl, combine the vinegar and the water. remove the outer leaves from each artichoke and trim the tops and bottoms. lay the artichoke on its side and, with a small sharp knife cut away from the bottom towards the top on a slant, to form points. the edges should look scalloped, the bottoms rounded, and the tops pointed. as you trim each artichoke, place it in the bowl of acidulated water to stop it from discoloring., in a large nonmetal saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium low heat. add the bacon and cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden. pour off all but about 1 12 tablespoons of fat from the pan and discard it. add the onion and cook for 6 to 7 minutes more, until softened, then add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more, until the aroma of the garlic is released. add the tomatoes to the pan and increase the heat to medium. cook for 10 to 15 minutes, until all the liquid has evaporated. add the broth, salt, and pepper and bring the liquid to a boil. drain the artichokes well and add them to the pan. reduce the heat so that the liquid is simmering and cook for about 25 to 30 minutes, covered. transfer the artichokes to a serving dish and keep warm in a low oven. increase the heat to high and boil the sauce until it has reduced to about 1 cup. taste for seasoning and then pour the sauce over the artichokes. squeeze some lemon juice evenly over the artichokes, scatter the toasted pine nuts over the top, and serve.trim artichokes italian style halve 1 lemon and into a bowl of cold water squeeze juice from 1 half, dropping squeezed half into water. do not cut off stems of artichokes. working with 1 artichoke at a time, bend back outer leaves until they snap off close to base and discard several more layers of leaves in same manner until exposed leaves are pale green at top and pale yellow at base., with a sharp stainlesssteel knife cut off tops of leaves about 1 to 1 14 inches from top of artichoke. trim fibrous parts from base of artichoke, being careful not to break off stem. cut a thin slice from end of stem to expose a fresh cross section. trim outer green fibrous part from stem, leaving pale core intact. rub artichoke all over with cut side of remaining lemon half and put artichoke in bowl of lemon water. repeat with remaining artichokes., fill a 4quart saucepan threefourths full with water and bring to a boil with the remaining 12 lemon. quarter 1 artichoke lengthwise through stem and with a stainlesssteel paring knife cut out the choke. trim any spiky purpletipped leaves. halve quarters lengthwise and return to bowl. prepare remaining artichokes in the same manner. simmer artichokes in boiling water 5 minutes, or until almost tender, and drain in a colander. artichokes may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead, cooled completely, and chilled, rolled in damp paper towels in a sealable plastic bag., chop pancetta and mince garlic. fill a 6quart kettle three fourths full with water and bring to a boil with salt for fettuccine., in a 12inch deep heavy skillet cook pancetta in oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp and with a slotted spoon transfer to a bowl. discard fat from skillet., in skillet, heat butter over moderate heat until foam subsides and cook artichokes, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. add wine and simmer, stirring and scraping up browned bits, 1 minute., cook fettuccine in boiling water until al dente. drain pasta. add heated chicken broth to artichoke mixture and bring to a boil. add pasta, pancetta, parmesan, parsley and lemon juice, tossing to combine well.stir together the artichokes, spinach, sour cream, fontina and parmesan in a bowl. season the mixture with salt and pepper to taste., preheat a grill pan or panini press on medium heat., spread the artichoke mixture on all the slices of bread. place 1 layer of chicken on 4 of the bread slices, then top each with a couple of layers of roasted red peppers. top with the remaining bread. brush the outside of each sandwich with some olive oil., place the sandwiches on the grill pan or in the panini press. if using a grill pan, place a castiron skillet or brick wrapped in foil on top of the sandwiches to weigh them down. cook, flipping halfway through, until golden brown and the cheese is melted and gooey in the center, 3 to 5 minutes per side. if using a panini press cook 6 to 10 minutes total.in a saute pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of the oil. when the oil is hot add the onions and saute until translucent. stir in the artichokes and sundried tomatoes. saute for 3 to 5 minutes, then add the salt, pepper and garlic. when the garlic begins to lightly brown, deglaze with 14 cup of the white wine. stir in 2 tablespoons of the butter, allow it to melt, then toss in the parmesan and parsley., remove from the heat and allow to cool before stuffing the chicken breast., rinse, trim and pound out chicken breasts to about 14inch thick. do not overpound as holes in the chicken will make it difficult for the chicken to retain the stuffing., put 14 of the stuffing mixture at 1 end of a chicken breast. gentle roll the chicken breast folding the ends in to help keep the stuffing from coming out during the cooking process. secure the chicken roll with 2 toothpicks. repeat with remaining chicken breasts and stuffing., heat the 2 tablespoons of the remaining oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. add the chicken breasts, with the secured side of the chicken first, to insure the roll with stay together. brown the chicken on all sides, add remaining butter, and deglaze with remaining white wine., reduce the heat to low and cover the pan. cook until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees f on an instantread thermometer, about 10 minutes., remove the chicken to a cutting board and discard the toothpicks. slice each breast on a bias into 5 pieces and transfer to a serving platter. drizzle with remaining pan drippings, garnish with a sprinkle of parmesan and serve.bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. add the potatoes and cook until just tender. drain and turn out onto a cutting board. smash the potatoes with the side of a large knife or spatula., heat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. when the pan is very hot, but not smoking, add the cipollini onions, and cook until starting to caramelize, about 4 to 5 minutes add in the drained artichokes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. cook for 2 to 3 minutes before turning them so that they will caramelize. add the potatoes and cook until the potatoes are starting to brown, then stir in the garlic and the thyme. slowly pour in the chicken stock, scraping up the bits from the bottom of the pan. sprinkle with the vinegar and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary. transfer to a platter and garnish with chopped parsley.first thing to do is to steam the artichokes in a flavorful broth. put the parsley, garlic, bay leaves, wine, and 1 of the halved lemons in a wide pot. add 2 quarts of water and bring to a simmer. season the broth with salt and pepper., while thats coming to a simmer, wash the artichokes under cold water. then, using a paring knife, trim the bottom end of each stem and shave the stem down to expose the tender, light green flesh underneath. snap or cut off the outer petals until you reach the soft, pale green leaves in the center. slice off about 1 inch from the top of the artichoke with a large knife. do the same to prepare the rest of the artichokes., slide the artichokes into the simmering broth. then cover the pan and simmer over mediumlow heat for about 20 minutes, until there is no resistance when a knife is inserted into the base of each artichoke. remove the artichokes from the poaching liquid with tongs. using a spoon, carefully scoop out the hairy choke from the center of each and discard. try and keep the artichoke halves intact as best you can it looks great for presentation., put a large, deep skillet over medium heat and cover the bottom with a 2count of oil. when the oil is smoking hot, add the sausage and cook for 7 to 10 minutes until cooked through. take them out of the pan and set them aside. add a drizzle of oil to the pan. add the sage leaves and cook 2 to 3 minutes to infuse the oil with their flavor. add the shallots, garlic, and lemon slices and cook 2 minutes. then add the stock to the pan, bring to a simmer and simmer until reduced and thickened. swirl in the butter to emulsify, and a drizzle of olive oil. return the artichokes to the pan and cook over low heat for a few minutes to warm up them up. spoon the artichokes out onto plates and serve with the sausage.first thing to do is steam the artichokes in a flavorful broth. put the parsley, garlic, bay leaves, wine, and 1 of the halved lemons in a wide pot, add 2 quarts of water, and bring to a simmer. season the broth with salt and pepper. in the meantime prepare the artichokes., wash the artichokes under cold water. using a paring knife, trim the bottom end of the stem and shave the stem down to expose the tender, inner part of the artichoke. snap or cut off the outer petals until you reach the pale green, soft leaves in the center. cut 1inch off the top of the artichoke. repeat with the remaining artichokes., place the artichokes in the steaming liquid. cover and simmer on mediumlow for about 20 minutes, or until there is no resistance when a knife is inserted into the base. remove the artichokes from the poaching liquid with tongs. using a spoon, carefully scoop out the hairy choke from the center and discard. try and keep the artichoke intact as best you can, it looks great for presentation., place a large deep skillet over medium heat and coat with 2 tablespoons of the oil. when the oil is hot, add the sausage and cook for 5 minutes to render out the fat and brown the sausage slightly they should not be fully cooked through. take the sausage out of the pan and slice it up. cut the tomatoes in half and then squeeze them into a bowl to hand crush drizzle with a couple of tablespoons of oil and a pinch of salt. toss the sausage slices back into the pan and pour in the tomatoes, along with any juice that has accumulated in the bowl. cook for 3 minutes until the tomatoes start to break down and soften. now its time for the artichokes to go in there. nestle these little beauties into the sausage and tomato mixture season with salt and pepper. add the butter and let it melt, give a squeeze of lemon juice to brighten the flavor, and serve.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., rinse the chicken under cold water and pat dry. slip your fingers under the breast skin and gently create a pocket the length of both breasts. season the inside of the cavity with 12 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. set aside., add the arugula and 5 cloves of the garlic to a food processor fitted a blade. pulse 3 to 4 times, then add 12 teaspoon salt and pepper, squeeze in the juice of 12 lemon and pulse 3 to 4 more times. add the cheese and pistachios, and with the processor running, drizzle in the olive oil. scrape down sides and pulse a few more times. adjust seasoning, if necessary., gently work half of the pesto under the breast skin. reserve the other half of the pesto. put the other lemon half into the cavity along with the remaining 2 peeled garlic cloves. rub the chicken all over with 1 tablespoon of the butter. season the outside of the chicken with the remaining salt and pepper. tuck the wing tips under the bird, and truss the chicken. put the chicken, on its side, into a roasting pan and put in hot oven. roast at 400 degrees f for 15 minutes, rotate chicken onto other side, and roast for 15 minutes more. carefully turn chicken onto its back breast side up, reduce heat to 350 degrees f and roast for 30 minutes. after 30 minutes, begin basting it with the pan juices. repeat until chicken is done and an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees f., remove the roasting pan from the oven, put the chicken on a carving board and tent it with foil. remove the fat on the top of the pan juices. put the roasting pan over a burner on medium heat and add 13 cup of the reserved pesto. stir and incorporate it into the pan juices along with any bits that might be on the bottom of the pan. whisk the cornstarch and the halfandhalf in a small bowl and slowly add it to the pan. stir continually until the mixture starts to thicken. adjust seasonings, if necessary, and pour it into a serving bowl., carve the chicken, arrange it on a serving platter and serve with the sauce.remove fronds, stalks, and tough outer layer from fennel. halve bulb lengthwise and cut into paperthin slices with a mandoline or other manual slicer. whisk together broth, lemon juice, oil, sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. add fennel, arugula, and onion, then toss together. thinly shave enough parmesan with a vegetable peeler to measure 14 cup., serve salad sprinkled with parmesan.cook on a medium heated grill, slowly, basting with appropriate marinades until cooked perfectly. eat each meat as it finishes cooking., chimichurri for beef, innards and sausage in a food processor, combine parsley, cloves, chile flakes, and salt and pepper. completely puree until fine, in a serving container, add vinegar and oil., argentine marinade for chicken or seafood steep saffron in lemon juice for 5 minutes. combine all ingredients and keep covered.sprinkle the roast with salt and pepper, and sear on all sides in the oil in a large pot. remove to a plate. deglaze the pot with the merlot. add the carrots, celery, onions, tomatoes, chicken stock, oregano, bay leaves and porcinis. return the roast to the pot. bring to a simmer and cook for 3 12 hours., transfer the liquid from the pot to a blender blend to make the sauce. season with salt, pepper and sugar. return the sauce to the pot and keep warm., slice the roast and add it to the sauce to warm up., to build the sandwich put 3 slices of beef on a bun. top with some avocado slices and fried onions., mix the flour, salt, sugar, yeast, milk and water with an electric mixer for 5 minutes. let rest for 45 minutes., portion the dough into 4.5ounce pieces and roll into balls. let rest for another 45 minutes., bake at 400 degrees f for 9 minutes., fill a heavy put with 2 inches of oil and heat to 350 degrees f., season the red onions with salt and pepper, then toss in flour to coat. fry the onions until crispy, about 5 minutes. drain on paper towels.prepare a grill for indirect heat for gas, preheat to medium high, then turn off the burners on one side and turn the other burners to medium low. for charcoal, once the coals ash over, push them to one side., mix 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, the brown sugar, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. rub on the chicken. grill skinside down over direct heat until marked, about 5 minutes. flip and move to the cooler side of the grill cover and cook until a thermometer registers 165 degrees f in the thigh, 30 to 40 minutes., meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat. add 3 teaspoons ginger, the garlic and the remaining 12 teaspoon fivespice powder and cook 2 minutes. add the hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar and 3 teaspoons honey cook 1 minute. remove from the heat and add 1 teaspoon sesame oil., toss the cucumbers with the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar, 12 teaspoon honey, 14 teaspoon each sesame oil and ginger, and salt to taste. top the chicken with the sauce. serve with the cucumbers.for the rice bring 1 12 cups stock, 1 tablespoon oil, and lime zest to a boil. add the rice, stir, reduce heat to mediumlow to simmer, and cover. cook 15 to 16 minutes, and then stir in the lime juice and chives. turn off the heat and fluff the rice. keep covered and warm on the stove until ready to serve., for the chicken meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. when the oil smokes, add the chicken and season with black pepper. brown evenly, and then remove to a plate. to the skillet, add chile, ginger, garlic, and red bell pepper and stir fry for 2 minutes. return the chicken to the pan. stir together the hoisin, marmalade, tamari and remaining 12 cup chicken stock. add to the pan and reduce over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes. stir in the peanuts and scallions. turn off the heat., serve the chicken over rice in shallow bowls and garnish with cilantro, if desired.place sesame seeds in a small skillet and set pan over mediumlow heat. cook 1 to 3 minutes, until just golden brown, shaking the pan frequently to prevent burning. remove from heat and set aside., place lettuce in a large bowl or divide onto individual dishes. top lettuce with beef, carrots, scallions and cilantro., in a small bowl, whisk together broth, vinegar and sesame oil. season with salt and pepper, to taste. pour mixture over salad, and top with toasted sesame seeds. serve immediately.preheat the oven to 300 degrees f. pour half the contents of each beer can into a shallow roasting pan, then set the cans upright in the pan., in a medium bowl, toss the butter with the threes bbq dry rub and set aside. rinse the chickens and pat dry. generously rub chickens inside and out with the seasoned butter, being sure to stuff some butter under the skin as well. put one lemon quarter in each cavity and then slide the chickens over the beer cans. add the orange peels to the pan. roast for 1 hour., pull the pan from the oven and generously ladle the orangehoisin glaze over the chickens. return to the oven and cook until the glaze has caramelized and turned a dark golden amber, about 25 minutes. when done, the internal temperature of the thigh meat should register 160 degrees f. let the chickens rest, lightly tented with foil, for about 15 minutes. carefully cut out the back bone of each chicken and cut the breast down the center., serve a halfchicken per person, with wokfried bacon brussels sprouts and horseradish mashed potatoes on the side. strain the pan drippings and ladle over the chicken prior to serving., in a bowl, mix together the chili powder, brown sugar, celery salt, cinnamon, coriander, fivespice powder, oregano, garlic, chile flakes, curry powder, nutmeg, 4 tablespoons kosher salt and 2 tablespoons black pepper. store in a sealed container., in a medium saucepot over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and brown sugar together. add the orange juice, hoisin, garlic, onions, orange rind and juice, lemon rind and juice, lime rind and juice, lemongrass, jalapeno and ginger. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for about 20 minutes., in a deep saucepot, heat the oil to 350 degrees f. fry the brussels sprouts until the edges start to turn golden brown, about 2 minutes. remove with a spider and drain on paper towels., in a medium wok or saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon fat and bacon. then add the ginger, garlic, carrots and fried brussels sprouts stirfry for about 3 minutes. add the balsamic and kimchee and cook, tossing, until everything is evenly glazed. turn off the heat and add the basil. divide into 4 portions and garnish with parmesan., fill a large pot with 1 gallon of water. add the potatoes and bring to a boil. reduce to a rolling simmer mediumlow heat and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 30 minutes., meanwhile, combine the whipping cream, garlic, rosemary and thyme and in a small saucepan. bring to a simmer and cook until the cream is infused, about 10 minutes. strain and keep warm., drain the potatoes when they are done and return them to the pot over low heat. using a potato masher, mash in the infused cream, creme fraiche, butter, horseradish, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper until just combined.season ground chicken with salt and pepper in a medium sized bowl. set aside., mix together soy sauce, cornstarch and water. carve the tops out of each tomato the part that connects the tomato to the vine., bring 2 quarts of water to boil. while waiting for water to boil, prepare an ice bath. place tofu into a serving dish. heat in microwave for 1 minute. drain off any excess liquid., when water boils, place tomatoes into boiling water for 1 minute. place immediately into ice bath. let sit in ice bath for about 2 minutes. remove and peel off skins. then quarter the tomatoes., heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat in wok. add garlic. when garlic starts to brown, add ground chicken. break chicken i