set the racks in the middle and upper thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 f, in a large skillet over medium heat, heat the olive oil until shimmering. add the onion, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until golden, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes., add the fennel and cook until the vegetables are soft and translucent, an additional 3 to 5 minutes., reduce the heat to medium and add the tomatoes with their juices. using the back of a wooden spoon, smash the tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes., add the basil, wine, olives, 1 teaspoon salt, and 18 teaspoon black pepper., reduce to low and simmer for 15 minutes, or until the sauce is slightly thickened, while you prepare the fish., pat the fillets dry, lightly spray them with cooking spray, and season with salt and pepper., in a heavy ovenproof skillet over high heat, heat the olive oil until shimmering. add the fillets, roundedside down, and cook for 2 minutes., carefully flip the fillets with a metal spatula and place the skillet in the oven. bake until the fish is no longer translucent, 8 to 10 minutes., switch the oven to broil and place the skillet on the upper rack. broil until the tops of the fillets are golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes., arrange the fillets on individual plates, spoon on the sauce, and serve.on a parchmentlined baking tray, toast the coconut flour in a 300f oven for 5 to 7 minutes or until the flour turns golden brown. you can also toast the coconut flour in a dry pan over low heat instead. set aside., in the meantime, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the sliced shallot and saute for 2 to 3 minutes or until softened., add the ground chicken, and break it up with a spatula. cook, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes until no longer pink., add the shrimp and stirfry for another 2 to 3 minutes or until the shrimp is cooked through., remove the pan from the heat and add the fish sauce, lime juice, toasted coconut flour, and cayenne pepper. adjust the seasoning to taste., sprinkle the chopped herbs on top. to eat, wrap a 13 cup of laap in a lettuce leaf and devour.heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat., saute onion until translucent about 4 to 5 minutes, then add garlic and cook 1 minute more. mix well., place fish on the skillet and cook until the flesh starts to flake., add jalapeno peppers, tomatoes, cilantro and lime juice. saute over mediumhigh heat for about 5 minutes, breaking up the fish with the spoon to get everything mixed well season to taste with salt and pepper., meanwhile, heat tortillas on a skillet or directly over the flame of the burner a minute or 2 on each side to warm., serve a little over 14 cup of fish on each warmed tortilla topped with cabbage, avocado, cilantro, and a squeeze of lime.in a large skillet over medium heat add 12 tablespoon of olive oil and 12 tablespoon of butter, red bell pepper and garlic and cook for about 4 minutes., add spinach season with a pinch of salt and pepper mix until the spinach wilts down., add cream cheese, half  half and parmesan cheese mix well until cream cheese is melted and resembles creamed spinach., heat a separate skillet on medium high heat, add remaining oil and butter., season fish on both sides with salt and pepper and place on the hot pan., cook 6 minutes on first side and flip fish over and cook other side an additional 5 minutes, until cooked through and browned., divide the spinach mixture on the bottom of each plate and top with piece of fish.heat the oven to 425f., in a large bowl, whisk together the fish sauce, soy sauce, honey, sesame oil, tamarind, chile flakes, lime zest, and garlic., pat the chicken dry with paper towels. add the chicken to the sauce in the bowl, and turn to coat the pieces well. arrange the chicken on a rimmed baking sheet, and pour the sauce over it. if you like, you can refrigerate the chicken at this point, covered, for up to 24 hours. roast, turning the chicken occasionally, until it is cooked through and caramelized, 30 to 35 minutes. after roasting, if you wish to brown run them under the broiler 1 or 2 minutes., top the chicken with plenty of black pepper, cilantro and jalapeno slices if desired. serve over lettuce leaves.in a large pot, heat the coconut oil over medium heat. add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, for about 3 minutes. add the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. add the broth, coconut aminos, fish sauce, and salt. bring to a boil reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes., meanwhile, use a spiralizer or julienne peeler to cut the zucchini lengthwise into long, thin strands or use a regular vegetable peeler to cut the zucchini lengthwise into thin ribbons. add the zucchini noodles to the simmering soup and cook until just tender, about 1 12 minutes. add the sliced steak and simmer until just cooked, 30 to 60 seconds. ladle the soup into bowls and serve with the toppings of your choice.melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. add garlic and saute until golden, about 1 min. add wine and lemon juice and simmer to reduce slightly 30 to 60 seconds. add marinara sauce, stir and place fish fillets on top. season with salt, pepper and capers. cover and cook 4 minutes over mediumlow. turn and cook uncovered an additional minute, or until the fish is cooked through.in a bowl, mix the marinade ingredients except the chicken. slice the chicken into long, thin strips, about 3 inches long by 1 inch wide, and add to marinade. turn chicken to coat, cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or longer., meanwhile, prepare the peanut sauce. combine all the ingredients in a small saucepan and whisk well. bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook until smooth, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. set aside to cool to room temperature., prepare grill to high heat and thread marinated chicken onto soaked bamboo skewers. place on grill and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until cooked through. serve with lime wedges and peanut sauce and garnish with cilantro and peanuts.in a medium bowl, combine the sea bass, tomato, onion, chopped cilantro, jalapeno, bell, pepper, oil, and tabasco., add the lime juice and toss to coat the fish., season with salt and pepper., cover and marinate in the refrigerator at least 1 hour depending on the size of the fish cubes, stirring occasionally., look at the fish and you can see the flesh changing over time in the marinade, you are looking for a solid appearance in the flesh vs. an opaqueness all the way through the center of the fish., trim the cucumber slices with a round cutter to remove the rind., with a melon baller scoop out a shallow pocket in the middle of the cucumber slicesdo not cut all the way through the slice., just before serving, fill the cucumber cups with the ceviche., garnish each ceviche cup with a small dot of sour cream and a cilantro leaf, if desired.follow the package instructions to cook the dry rice noodles. the rice noodles should be soft but still chewy and not mushy after boiling., rinse the boiled noodles with cold running water., mix all the seasoning ingredients in a small bowl until well combined, set aside., heat up a large skillet on high heat and add the oil. as soon as the oil is hot, add the garlic to the skillet and start stirring until you smell the aroma of the garlic. add the shrimp and the tofu and continue stirring., as soon as the shrimp changes color, add the noodles and stircontinuously, about 30 seconds., use the spatula to push the noodles to one side of the skillet, and crack the eggs on the empty side of the skillet. use the spatula to break the egg yolk and let cook for about 30 seconds., combine the egg and the noodles, and add the seasoning sauce. stir to combine well with the noodles., next, add the bean sprouts and chives and continue stirring., as soon as the bean sprouts are cooked, stirin the crushed peanut., turn off the heat and serve the pad thai immediately with the lime wedges.in a deep skillet, cook onion and garlic in olive oil on medium heat for a few minutes until soft., add tomatoes, peppers and spices, stir and cook until tomatoes are soft, about 23 minutes., lay fish fillets in the sauce, cover and cook on mediumlow until fish flakes easily, approx 1215., to serve, place fish on plate and spoon sauce on top. serve immediately.marinate steak at least 1 hour before cooking, or overnight for best results., combine garlic, oyster sauce, agave or sugar, fish sauce, soy sauce and sesame oil with the beef., for the vinaigrette combine rice vinegar with salt and sugar. it should be a balance of sour, salty and sweet., thinly slice the red onion and use about 14 cup of the vinaigrette to pickle and set aside covered in fridge for about 10 minutes., prepare bed of greens and tomatoes in a serving platter and set aside., make dipping sauce by squeezing lime juice over salt and pepper in a small ramekin., heat a large wok or pan over high heat., when very hot add 12 tbsp oil and when it begins to smoke, add an even layer of beef half and allow to sear for about 2 minutes, before shaking to sear the opposite sides for about another 12 minute more to brown all the sides., repeat this with the second batch of meat using the remainder of the oil., transfer beef to bed of watercress and tomatoes., drizzle remainder of the vinaigrette over the beef and greens and top with pickled red onions., serve with lime dipping sauce.cook brown rice according to package directions., when rice is cooked, spray a heated nonstick wok with spray oil and add the eggs and cook a minute or two until done. set aside., spray more oil to the wok and add the scallions, tomatoes and garlic. saute about a minute, then add the rice., add soy sauce and fish sauce, stir to mix all the ingredients., keep stirring a few minutes, then add cooked scrambled egg. adjust soy sauce if needed to taste and mix well another 30 seconds.in a large nonstick skillet or wok, heat oil on mediumhigh flame. add scallion whites and green curry paste saute one minute., add shrimp and garlic, season with salt and cook about 23 minutes., add coconut milk, fish sauce and mix well simmer about 23 minutes, or until shrimp is cooked through., remove from heat, mix in scallion greens and basil. serve over basmati rice or caulirice and enjoymix chicken and fish sauce in medium bowl., add cornstarch toss to evenly coat., set aside., heat 12 tablespoon of the oil in large nonstick skillet on mediumhigh heat., add garlic and ginger stir fry 30 seconds., add bell peppers, chili pepper if using and pineapple stir fry 3 to 5 minutes or until peppers are tendercrisp., add sauce cook and stir until heated through., remove from skillet., heat remaining oil in the skillet., add chicken stir fry 5 minutes or until cooked through., return bell pepper mixture to skillet stir fry until well blended., garnish with cilantro.preheat broiler., heat 12 teaspoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat., add ginger and garlic cook 1 minute., add pepper and scallions cook 1 minute., stir in curry powder, curry paste, and cumin cook 1 minute., add soy sauce, sugar, asian fish sauce, and coconut milk bring to a simmer do not boil., remove from heat stir in cilantro or basil if using., brush fish with 12 teaspoon oil sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt., place fish on a baking sheet coated with cooking spray., broil 7 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork., serve fish with sauce, rice, and lime wedges.in a large nonstick skillet, heat oil on mediumhigh., add scallion whites and red curry paste and saute one minute., add shrimp and garlic, season with salt and cook about 23 minutes., add coconut milk, fish sauce and mix well., simmer about 23 minutes, until shrimp is cooked through., remove from heat, mix in scallion greens and cilantro., serve over rice and enjoyin a bowl, season shrimp with cayenne pepper, chili powder, paprika, salt, pepper and garlic powder., scramble eggs with a drop of water and season with salt and pepper., in a hot wok, spray a little oil and cook the eggs., when cooked, remove from pan and set aside., let the wok get really hot., add sesame oil and saute onions, scallion whites, garlic and hot pepper flakes for about 12 minutes., add shrimp and saute until no longer translucent., add rice and cooked egg along with soy sauce and fish sauce, mixing well for about 2 minutes., add greens of the scallions and serve.cut fish into large chunks, and put about 14 of the fish into a food processor along with garlic and shallots., pulse until it becomes almost pasty., place into a medium bowl., place the remaining fish into food processor and pulse on and off until chopped., combine with the rest of the fish in the bowl and add chives, lemon zest, breadcrumbs, salt and pepper., mix well and form into 4 patties., in a large nonstick skillet, spray a little oil and heat on mediumhigh., add fish and cook about 4 minutes on each side., to bbq grill 46 inches above the fire on a lightly oiled grill rack., grill on medium flame, about 4 minutes each side., whisk vinaigrette ingredients in a small bowl., serve fish burgers over a bed of greens and drizzle with lemon vinaigrette.heat a large nonstick wok over high heat., meanwhile, season chicken lightly with salt and pepper., when the wok is very hot, add 2 tsp of the oil. when the oil is hot, add the chicken and cook on high until its browned all over and cooked through, about 34 minutes., remove chicken from wok and set aside, add the eggs, pinch of salt and cook a minute or two until done. set aside., add the remaining oil to the wok and add the onion, scallions and garlic. saute 1 minute, add the chili pepper if using, tomatoes and stir in all the rice., add the soy sauce and fish sauce stir to mix all the ingredients., keep stirring a few minutes, then add egg and chicken back to the wok., adjust soy sauce if needed and stir well another 30 seconds.combine all the ingredients. shape into burger size patties. grill for 10 to 15 minutes or until desired doneness. if cooking indoors, fry in light olive oil. serve on your favorite bun with tartar sauce or shrimp sauce or alone with a salad.soak the cod in water the night before in the refrigerator. on the day you plan to prepare the dish, change the water and soak again for about 2 hours., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. spray 9 mini loaf pans with olive oil spray., fill a medium saucepan with water and bring to a boil. add the fish and boil for 20 minutes to remove any bones. allow to cool., in a separate bowl, mix the fish, ackees, mayonnaise, and scallions. using the various seasonings, incorporate into the mixture according to your taste. add the breadcrumbs a little at a time, tasting as you do this to make sure you dont lose the flavor of the fish or the ackees., once you achieve the flavor that suits you, add the hot sauce. once again, use caution when adding hot sauce so you dont make the fish too spicy., evenly divide and press the fish mixture into each loaf pan and bake in the oven for 20 minutes, or until browned., remove the loaves from the oven. put a cutting board on top of each loaf pan and flip. repeat with remaining loaf pans. serve.soak salted codfish in water for 1 hour to release salt. in a medium saucepot, with enough water to cover the salted codfish, boil for 15 minutes. strain, remove any bones, and let cool. set aside., in a large pan with olive oil, saute onion, scallions, and garlic until onions are translucent. add salted codfish and saute for an additional 5 minutes. add thyme and peppers. then add ackee and saute for 3 to 5 minutes. serve.wash off all the salt from the salted cod fish in cold water, and then soak as follows soak for 1 hour in hot water, and then drain and replace with a new batch of hot water for another hour. the fish will be soaked for a total of 2 hours., heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat and then add the chopped garlic and cook for 30 seconds. add the sprig of thyme and cook for 30 seconds. add the onions, scallions, bell peppers, and scotch bonnet pepper and cook for 5 minutes. stir the entire mix as needed. add the prepared codfish to the skillet and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring as needed. add the ackee to the skillet and simmer for another 2 minutes. stir in the black pepper and turn off the stove. garnish the cooked meal with the paprika.preheat the oven to 350 degrees. in a bowl, toss the bread cubes with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. spread the bread on a baking sheet and toast until golden, watching carefully. set aside., in a large saucepan or stockpot, combine the wine and the clams. cover the pan and, over medium high heat, cook the clams, shaking the pan occasionally, for about 10 minutes. remove the clams to a bowl with a slotted spoon, discarding any that have not opened. add the mussels and cook in the same way, again discarding any that do not open. transfer the mussels to the bowl with the clams, and remove all the meat from the shells. set the shellfish aside. discard the shells and add the liquor from the bowl back into the pan with the wine. strain the cooking water through a fine strainer lined with cheesecloth, return it to a clean pan, and add the clam juice., meanwhile, in a mortar and pestle or a food processor, process the cilantro, garlic, and 34 teaspoons salt to a paste. transfer the mixture to a large, heated serving tureen with a lid and stir in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. bring the wine and clam juice mixture back to a simmer and add the cooked shellfish and the raw shrimp. simmer for 3 minutes, add the bread chunks and stir for 2 minutes more, or until the soup is very hot. drizzle the egg mixture over the top, stirring slowly in a circle. immediately pour the simmering mixture into the tureen, stir to mix, and ladle the soup into heated bowls at the table. garnish with a sprig of cilantro.for the batter, mix the flour and the seasoning together in a mediumsize bowl. make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and break the eggs into the well 1 at a time while beating the mixture has become a thick, uniform paste., cover the bowl with a dampened cloth and allow it to rest for 1 to 4 hours. for the fish, place the flaked codfish, thyme, parsley, scallion, chives, allspice, and chile in the bowl of a food processor and grind them together into a thick paste. fold this paste into the acras batter., meanwhile, heat 2 inches of corn oil to 350 to 375 degrees f in a heavy castiron pot or deep fryer. drop the acras into it by the teaspoonful. fry until they are light brown, turning once. when done, remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.for the poke in a bowl, gently toss the tuna in the soy sauce, sesame oil and rice wine., in a separate bowl, combine the mayonnaise, sriracha, ginger and lime juice., add the tobiko, cilantro, green onions and the spicy mayonnaise to the tuna toss gently. add salt to taste., for the mangoavocado salsa in a bowl, mix the avocado, mango, cucumber, chiles, lime juice, rice wine and sesame oil. add salt and pepper to taste., to serve put 14 cup salsa in small bowls and top with 12 cup poke. garnish with sliced radishes, cilantro, lime or whatever. use sturdy chips to dip within a large salad bowl, whisk together lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, and sesame oil. taste and adjust seasonings with salt and pepper. cut cabbage in 12 lengthwise and slice into thin ribbons. place cabbage, carrots, basil, mint, and cilantro in the bowl with the dressing. toss to combine. set aside., pour the sesame seeds out onto a plate. press the tuna into the seeds on both sides, pressing gently so the sesame seeds stick., heat the olive oil in a 12inch nonstick pan over medium high heat. add fish to pan and cook until rare, about 2 minutes per side. alternatively, cook until done to your likeness. slice thin and distribute among 4 serving plates. serve with a generous portion of napa cabbage slaw.preheat the oven to 500 degrees f., in a small saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. add shallots and saute 1 minute. season with a pinch of salt. add lemon juice, wine, stock and cream. simmer over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes, until reduced to about 2 tablespoons., lower the heat and whisk in the remaining butter 1 tablespoon at a time, adding each piece when the previous one is almost melted., add hot sauce and season with salt and pepper to taste. strain the sauce through a fine sieve, into a bowl. cover to keep warm until ready to serve., mix together the mustard powder, salt, and pepper. brush the top of the salmon fillets with the melted butter. season both sides with the mustard mixture and set aside., put the soaked shingles in the oven, directly on the racks, for about 3 to 5 minutes until the wood is lightly browned on top. carefully take the shingles out of the oven and place them on a heatproof surface., turn on the oven broiler., immediately brush the shingles with a thin layer of olive oil and lay the salmon fillets, skinned side down, on the browned side of each shingle. place the shingles under the broiler and cook the fish for about 5 to 7 minutes, until firm but not dry. remove the fillets to a platter or serve directly from the shingles., just before serving, stir the parsley and grated eggs into the reserved warm egg sauce. fold in chives and caviar if using. top the fillets with the egg sauce and a sprinkling of chives, and a dollop of caviar if using.bring 2 quarts water to boil, add lobster base. add lobster tails and cook for 5 minutes., add olive oil to a large skillet. saute the shrimp, mussels, clams, and whitefish, covered, for 7 to 10 minutes. season with salt, white pepper, and garlic. place sauteed seafood on bed of linguine. set two lobster tails on side and garnish with alfalfa sprouts.1. place almonds in a food processor and pulse until the almonds are ground. set aside., 2. whip butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, until smooth. add the sugar and continue mixing until the mixture becomes light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. scrape down the sides of the bowl from time to time so the butter and sugar are fully integrated and somewhat fluffy. in another bowl, combine and mix the flour, almonds, cinnamon, and nutmeg., 3. because this dough has a good amount of butter, it needs no resting time and needs to be rolled fairly quickly. lay 3 large pieces of wax paper in a single layer on a flat surface. sprinkle each one with a light coating of flour. remove the bowl from the mixer and, using a rubber spatula, blend the flour mixture in with the butter. when the ingredients are fully integrated, place frac13 of the batter on each of the pieces of wax paper. coat dough with a light layer of flour, and top with another piece of wax paper of the same length. use your hands or a rolling pin to flatten the dough into a disk to make 3 dough sandwiches. place two of them in the refrigerator and work with remaining disk of dough., 4. preheat oven to 350°f. roll the first batch into as neat a shape as possible while keeping the waxed paper in place. avoid creasing or cracking the dough as you roll it to about a frac12inch in thickness. when the first batch is rolled, refrigerate it and repeat the same process for the other two., 5. remove the first rolled sheet from the refrigerator. place it on a flat surface and remove the top layer of waxed paper. spread a small amount of flour onto your work surface and invert the dough onto it. carefully remove the second sheet of waxed paper. cut as many 1frac12inch hearts or rounds as possible. reserve the scraps in the refrigerator. arrange the cut cookies neatly in a single layer on a greased baking sheet. repeat with the other two sheets, reserving any scraps., 6. cut a heart, with the smaller cutter, out of the center of half of all the cookies to create a heart outline. roll the scraps in between two of the pieces of wax paper using the method indicated above and cut additional hearts, if desired. waste dough no such thing. simply reroll all the scraps and refrigerate for a few minutes before cutting into additional cookies., 7. bake the cookies until they are lightly brown, 12 to 15 minutes. remove the trays from the oven and allow them to cool slightly for a few minutes before gently transferring them to a cooling rack. put the raspberry jam in a bowl and whisk to remove large lumps., 8. spoon about frac12 teaspoon raspberry jam on each bottom and place a top heart on each. dust with powdered sugar, if desired., note dough can be rolled without waxed paper if allowed to chill in the refrigerator for one hour prior to use.preheat oven to 350f. spread all of the almonds 112 cups onto a cookie sheet and bake for 4 to 5 minutes or until the nuts just begin to brown and become aromatic. remove from oven and let cool. line the bottoms of two 9inch cake pans with parchment or waxed paper and spray with nonstick cooking spray., prepare the cake batter combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside. beat the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for 5 to 8 minutes or until smooth. add the eggs, one at a time, scraping between additions. stir in the flour mix, almond extract and 12 cup of the toasted almonds until just blended. do not over mix., bake the cake fill each of the prepared pans with half of the batter. place the pans in the center of the oven. bake until the center is firm or when the tip of a small knife emerges clean when it pierces the center of each cake, 30 to 35 minutes. remove from the oven and cool., make the lemon curd while the cake is baking, whisk the sugar, eggs, lemon juice and zest together in a microwavesafe bowl. add the butter. microwave for 4 to 6 minutes, stirring every minute until the mixture thickens. cover the bowl with plastic wrap and poke a few holes into the wrap with the tip of a knife to allow steam to escape. refrigerate until completely cooled., prepare the cakes, fruit and almonds slice the rounded tops of the cakes to flatten them. carefully slice the cakes in half, horizontally, through the middle to create 4 layers. stir the raspberry jam with 1 tablespoon of water to loosen the texture and toss gently with the raspberries. whip the cream to medium peaks., assemble the trifle place one cake round in the bottom of the trifle bowl, trimming the edges if necessary to fit. spread about 13 of the lemon curd over the cake. cover with about 12 cup of whipped cream and sprinkle with 14 cup of the toasted almonds, 14 of the raspberry mixture and 1 cup of blueberries. repeat the same process for two more layers. for the last layer, spread the cake with the remaining whipped cream, berries and nuts.1.preheat the oven to 350f., 2.heat 10inch nonstick skillet on stove and add the oil over medium heat. when it begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat and add the almonds. stir them to coat with the oil and put the skillet back on the heat. cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the nuts brown, 30 seconds. add the rosemary and stir until it gets slightly crisp and pale green, 15 to 30 seconds. use a slotted spoon to remove the nuts and rosemary onto a kitchen towel. season with a pinch of salt., 3.whisk together the eggs, water and 12 tsp. salt. whisk only enough to integrate the eggs. you dont want to whip too much air into them or make them frothy. place the skillet on the stove over medium heat and add the butter. swirl the butter around as it melts so it coats the whole surface of the pan. pour in the egg mixture. allow mixture to cook for 1 minute then use a wooden spoon to stir the eggs for 1 minute, as if you were scrambling them. then, allow the eggs to cook, undisturbed, over mediumlow heat for about 2 minutes the eggs will appear to be about halfway set. sprinkle the cheese and 12 of almond mixture and place the pan in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes or until the center is cooked. pull out of the oven., 4.lift the handle of the pan up tilting the pan away from you and towards the plate. this tilting should cause the omelet to slide down in the pan a little. fold the omelet in half. sprinkle with the remaining almonds and rosemary. serve immediately.heat oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. add onions and garlic and cook until soft. add wine and cookpeole are s until reduced by 34. add the curry paste and cook for 2 minutes. add the clam stock and corn husks and cook until reduced by 12. strain the sauce into a clean medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. add the cream and corn and cook to a sauce consistency. season with salt and pepper, to taste and add the cilantro., combine all ingredients in a bowl and let sit for 30 minutes before serving., preheat oven to 400 degrees f. preheat a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. brush monkfish with olive oil and season with ancho chile powder and salt. sear on both sides until golden brown. transfer to the oven and continue cooking for 8 to10 minutes, until just cooked through. ladle the sauce onto a platter, slice the fish into 34inch thick slice, drizzle with more of the sauce and top with the corn relish and chopped cilantro.making 34 cup essential sweetandspicy ancho seasoning paste roast the unpeeled garlic directly on an ungreased griddle or heavy skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until soft they will blacken in spots, about 15 minutes cool and peel. while the garlic is roasting, toast the chiles on another side of the griddle or skillet 1 or 2 at a time, open them flat and press down firmly on the hot surface with a spatula in a few seconds, when they crackle, even send up a wisp of smoke, flip them and press down to toast the other side. in a small bowl, cover the chiles with hot water and let rehydrate 30 minutes, stirring frequently to ensure even soaking. drain and discard the water., combine the oregano, black pepper, cumin and cloves in a food processor or blender, along with the chiles, garlic and 12cup of the broth. blend to a smooth puree, scraping and stirring every few seconds. if the mixture wont go through the blender blades, add a little more liquid. press through a mediummesh strainer into a bowl. taste and season with salt, usually about a generous 34 teaspoon it should taste a little salty., marinating the fish heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small 1 to 1 12quart saucepan over mediumhigh. when hot enough to make a drop of the puree really sizzle, add it all at once, and cook, stirring constantly, until very thick, about 5 minutes. stir in the vinegar and sugar and cool to tepid. with sharp scissors, trim off all fins and cut out gills from both fish, then make 3 diagonal slashes on each side of the fish, penetrating to the bone. place the fish in an oiled 13 x 9inch baking dish, then smear all but 2 tablespoons of the chile paste reserve the remainder over both sides of each fish. cover and refrigerate an hour or two but not more than 6., baking the fish turn on the oven to 400 degrees. with a brush, daub 1 tablespoon of the remaining oil over the fish. bake uncovered until the flesh comes away from the bone near the top of the head, 12 to 14 minutes., finishing and serving the dish while the fish is baking, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a mediumsize 8 to 9inch skillet over mediumhigh. add the onion rings and stirfry until browned but still crunchy, about 5 minutes. add the reserved 2 tablespoons chile mixture and the remaining 12 cup of the broth to the onions. boil quickly until reduced to a light saucy consistency. taste and season with salt if necessary keep warm., use 2 metal spatulas to transfer the fish to a large, warm, serving platter. add any baking dish juices to the sauce, return to a boil, then spoon over the fish. sprinkle on the chopped cilantro and radishes. garnish with sprigs of cilantro, and carry confidently to the table.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., heat a small sauce pot with oil over medium heat. add garlic and crushed pepper flakes and cook 1 to 2 minutes. stir in tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. simmer a few minutes., arrange the fish sticks in a baking dish and pour half the sauce over the fish  reserve the rest to pass at the dinner table. scatter 12 cup provolone cheese and the parmesan over the fish and bake 18 minutes until fish is crispy and cheese has melted. garnish with lots of fresh shredded basil., while fish bakes, cut the pita breads into wedges, 6 per pita, using a knife or kitchen scissors. scatter the pita on a baking sheet, spray the bread wedges with olive oil cooking spray and season with garlic powder and dried oregano and bake 10 to 12 minutes until crisp. remove pita chips and cover with roasted red peppers, mushrooms, artichokes, olives and remaining 1 cups provolone cheese. place the nachos back in the oven 5 minutes to melt cheese then serve.heat oil in a heavy bottomed pot until smoking. add lobster and shrimp shells, season with salt and pepper. cook until golden brown. add vegetables and cook for 2 minutes. remove from heat and add the brandy. return to the heat and carefully flame. then add the wine and reduce by 34. add fish stock, cream, herbs, spices, and rice and simmer until rice is completely overcooked approximately 30 to 45 minutes stirring constantly to avoid sticking. remove, blend with hand blender, add butter, and adjust seasonings. press through fine sieve. garnish with poached lobster and shrimp, serve in hot bowls, and finish with chopped chives.to prepare the chimichurri, place all the ingredients in a food processor and process for 1 to 2 minutes until the ingredients are well combined. can be used immediately, but for best results refrigerate overnight. remove from the refrigerator 2 hours before serving, to allow to come to room temperature., preheat your grill pan or outdoor grill over mediumhigh heat. brush each sweet potato slice generously with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until tender when poked with a knife you want some nice char marks on the potatoes. you may need to grill in 2 batches. place on a baking sheet, wrap with foil and place in a preheated to 200 degree f oven., next, in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. when hot add the bell peppers and season generously with salt and pepper. saute until caramelized, about 5 to 6 minutes. add the garlic and saute for an additional 2 minutes. turn the heat off, toss in the toasted pine nuts, basil and oregano and add a pinch more salt and pepper. stir to combine and keep warm on the stovetop., for the swordfish, again heat your grill pan or outdoor grill over mediumhigh heat. brush both sides of the swordfish generously with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. grill until just cooked through, but still moist, about 3 to 4 minutes per side being careful not to overcook the fish., to plate, first put 14 of the sweet potato slices onto each of 4 warmed plates. top potatoes with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and a tiny pinch of salt. next, top the sweet potatoes, with 14 of the bell pepper mixture. then place the swordfish atop that, and spoon a generous amount of the chimichurri over the middle of the fish. to garnish, top the chimichurri with a tiny sprinkling of orange zest, then just a few very thinly sliced pieces of jalapeno, and a twisted orange slice. serve with warmed sourdough baguette slices and the additional chimichurri on the side. enjoyheat a 5quart pot over mediumhigh heat. add the oil and garlic and cook, stirring often, until the garlic is fragrant and golden, about 2 minutes. use a slotted spoon to transfer the garlic to a papertowel lined plate, and reserve for serving. reserve the garlicinfused oil in the pot, off the heat., season the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. return the pot to the stove over mediumhigh heat, then add the chicken, skinsidedown and cook until the skin is golden, turning halfway through, about 8 minutes. transfer the chicken to a bowl. add the onion, ginger, and rice to the pot. cook, stirring often, 1 to 2 minutes. add the chicken broth, 4 cups water, a pinch of saffron, and the bay leaf to the rice. return the chicken and juices to the pot. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a vigorous simmer., cook, partially covered, until the chicken is tender, the rice is cooked, and the soup is thickened, about 30 minutes. discard the bay leaf, stir in the fish sauce and lime juice, and season the soup with salt and pepper. serve one chicken thigh per bowl of soup and garnish with the fried garlic, scallion greens, freshly ground pepper, reserved saffron threads, and lime wedges.for the broth in a lidded pot, combine the clams with 14 cup water, 14 cup wine, and 1 tablespoon onion. turn heat to medium high, cover and cook 6 minutes, or until all the clams have opened. remove clams from shells, rinse and set aside. strain broth through a finemesh strainer lined with cheesecloth and set aside., in a large pot, combine the shrimp shells and heads with the clam broth, remaining onion, garlic cloves, remaining wine, bouquet garni and the soup fish or heads, tails and bones. cover with water2 to 4 quarts. bring to boil, reduce heat to low and simmer 2 hours. strain through a finemesh strainer lined with cheesecloth. measure out 7 cups freeze extra., for the rice pound together the 2 whole garlic cloves, cayenne, saffron, paprika and salt in a mortar and pestle. scrape into a 2cup measuring cup and blend with 1 cup of fish broth. set aside., heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet or paella pan over medium heat and add the crushed garlic and chile peppers. when they turn light brown, remove them from the pan and discard. add the rice and cook, stirring, until the grains are coated with oil, 3 to 4 minutes. stir in the diluted garlic and cayenne mixture, then add 5 cups fish stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and cook without stirring, uncovered, for 30 minutes, or until there is no longer liquid in the pan. remove from the heat, cover and let sit for 15 minutes., for the fish while the rice is cooking, cook the fish and shrimp. heat olive oil in large nonstick frying pan and add the minced onion. cook until it begins to soften and add the garlic, tomato, and parsley. cook, stirring, until the mixture is soft and fragrant, about 5 to 10 minutes. add the fish fillets and steaks, turn to coat all sides, then add 1 cup of fish broth and bring to a simmer. cook 5 to 8 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through. remove the fish from the pan and set on a serving platter with the clams. cover with foil to keep warm. add the shrimp to the broth, cook 2 to 3 minutes, until pink and opaque, and remove from the pan. pour the mixture in the pan over the fish and shellfish., serve the rice first and then the fish, or serve together, with garlic mayonnaise if you wish.cover the bottom of a saute pan with 18 cup olive oil and heat. add the garlic and shallot to pan, and saute until light brown in color. add the bay scallops and rock shrimp and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. do not overcook scallops and shrimp. remove from heat., in another saute pan, add the remaining 18 cup olive oil and heat. add tomatoes, mushrooms, lemon juice, clam juice, white wine, and capers. simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. reduce liquid by 25 percent., add the reserved seafood to the mixture of tomatoes and mushrooms. add the green onions. in a small bowl, make a beurre manie by combining the butter and the flour and mixing until a paste is formed. add the beurre manie to the mixture and whisk to incorporate. bring to a simmer and cook for 1 to 2 minutes., place artichoke halves in a soup bowl and ladle mixture over artichoke.fill a large bowl with cold water and soak the arugula to remove any dirt and sand. once clean, pat the greens dry and place in a large mixing bowl. season with salt and pepper and drizzle with the vinaigrette, just enough to coat the greens. equally divide the arugula and place into 4 shallow bowls. arrange 3 shrimp on top of the greens and garnish with the jicama, corn, tomatoes, and fried wonton wrappers., in a food processor, add the sesame oil, lime juice, rice vinegar, garlic, ginger, chile flakes, and fish sauce. while the processor is running, slowly add the oil. season with salt, pepper, and sugar. the vinaigrette should be tart, but hold a hint of sweetness., in a large mixing bowl, combine the tamarind, mirin, hot water, molasses, garlic, lime juice, and sriracha. pour the mixture into a shallow sheet pan and add the shrimp, turning to coat. allow the shrimp to marinate for 1 to 2 hours maximum, refrigerated. prepare a hot grill or a 500 degree oven and grillbroil the shrimp for about 5 minutes.the point of a stew, it should go without saying, is its flavour rather than its form. so while the crunchy salad strips of carrot, scallion and bell pepper, do bring colour and beauty to the otherwise brown study, their texture and asianflavoured bite provide the perfect partner for the rich aromatic spiciness of the softbraised stew beneath., cooking the shin on the bone gives me a certain primitive pleasure, and the meat even more melting tenderness, but you can buy cubed beef shank off the bone or other stew meat, if you must, in which case, you wont need as much in weight., along with the stew and its crunchy, hot and sour topping, i serve gingery mashed parsnip and potatoes, the ginger offering a muted echo of the south east asian tones. while a plain bowl of rice would be a fine alternative, know that the aromatic mash makes for fantastic, fiery potato patties the day or so after., for the beef preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., quarter and peel the onions, and peel and roughly slice the ginger and put into the processor with the peeled garlic cloves and coriander. blitz until finely chopped, then heat the oil in a large dutch oven and fry this mixture gently, until soft and beginning to catch in the pan this should take about 10 minutes, over medium heat and with regular stirring., pour in the chinese wine or sherry and let it bubble up. add the soy sauce, brown sugar, broth, oyster sauce and vinegar. bring to a boil, then drop in the cinnamon sticks and star anise. add the pieces of beef shank and let everything come up to a bubble again, then clamp on a lid and put into the oven for 2 hours regular stew steak may take longer., take the dutch oven carefully out of the oven and, using a perforated spoon, remove the beef to an ovenproof dish, cover with aluminum foil, and keep warm in the oven, while you vigorously boil the sauce in the dutch oven on the stove, without a lid, until it has reduced by about half., for the salad peel the carrots, cut into long slices, and then julienne them i.e. cut into matchsticklike strips. trim and halve the scallions and then julienne as well. seed the chillies and also cut into juliennes, and finely chop the cilantro. combine all the julienned vegetables and the chopped cilantro in a bowl. in another bowl mix the lime juice, fish sauce and superfine sugar, and dress the vegetables with this., for serving arrange the beef on a serving platter and pour over the reduced sauce over the meat, then dress the top with the hot and sour shredded salad. if you are using cubes of stew meat, rather than slices of shank, youd probably do better to use a deeper dish., make ahead note cook the beef for 1 34 hours then transfer to a bowl to cool. cover, refrigerate and store in refrigerator for up to 2 days. when ready to use, return the beef to the dutch oven and heat gently until sauce is just boiling. cover and return to oven for 30 minutes, or until the beef is piping hot. transfer meat to an ovenproof dish and finish sauce as directed., freeze note cook and cool as above then freeze for up to 3 months in airtight container. thaw overnight in fridge and reheat and finish as above.bring the vinegar, 12 cup water, honey, fish sauce and chili garlic sauce to a simmer in a small saucepan. cook until reduced by half and thickened. set aside to cool, shred the brussels sprouts using the slicer attachment of a food processor or with a knife. transfer to a large bowl and add the carrot, bell pepper, cilantro, peanuts and scallions. toss to combine. pour the dressing over the slaw and mix until well coated.for the salad cook the noodles according to the package directions. drain and rinse with cold water until cool, then drain again thoroughly., mix the cilantro, mint, peanuts, scallions, chicken, carrots and cucumber with the noodles in a large bowl., for the sauce whisk together the soy sauce, fish sauce, honey, vinegar, lime juice, ginger, oil, garlic and jalapeno in a medium bowl., toss the salad with the sauce. serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve.combine the chicken and ginger in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch. bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 10 minutes. drain and transfer the chicken to a cutting board., meanwhile, make the dressing whisk the lime juice, peanut oil, brown sugar, fish sauce and sriracha in a small bowl set aside., combine the cabbage, carrots, snow peas and mint in a large bowl. add all but 2 tablespoons of the dressing and toss to coat., thinly slice the chicken. top each serving of salad with the chicken and peanuts drizzle with the remaining dressing.put the ginger, coriander, scallions, carrot, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. lower the heat to very low and cover. poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. remove the pan from the heat, uncover, and cool the chicken in the liquid, about 30 minutes. bone and pull the chicken into bitesize pieces. save the broth., toss the chicken with the remaining salad ingredients and toss with the dressing. wrap about 13 cup of the salad in a lettuce leaf. serve 3 to 4 lettuce leaves per person with a wedge of lime if desired., whisk the lime juice, ginger, soy, chili, fish sauce, salt and broth in a small bowl. gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a dressing.in a saucepan combine the chicken with the scallion, ginger and salt to taste. add enough of the chicken broth to just cover. bring the liquid to a boil over moderate heat and simmer, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until chicken is just cooked through. let cool in broth. drain and cut into strips., make the dressing in a food processor or blender combine ingredients and process until combined well., in a bowl combine the chicken with the scallion, carrot, snow peas, basil, mint and cilantro. add the dressing and toss to combine., in a deep fat fryer heat the oil until hot. add the rice noodles and cook until crisp. transfer to paper towels to drain. arrange rice noodles on serving plate and top with the chicken salad.add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until it is tender but still firm to the bite, about 3 to 4 minutes. drain the pasta and rinse it under cold water to cool it completely. drain the pasta again, pat it dry and add it to the mixing bowl., finely shred the cabbage and grate or finely chop the carrots. roll the basil leaves up into tight cylinders and cut across them to create fine shreds and add them to the mixing bowl. toss the salad with the dressing and adjust the seasoning if necessary.peanut sauce, combine all the ingredients in food processor and mix until well blended. set aside., marinade, mix all the ingredients, except the pineapple, together in a bowl, then add the pineapple slices. let sit for a minimum of 30 minutes. this can also be made a day ahead and refrigerated., preheat the grill to medium and grill each side of the pineapple until they have deep brown grill marks. remove and slice into desired bitesize pieces. set aside., dough, preheat the grill and the oven to 400 degrees f., mix the yeast, water and sugar together in a small bowl until the yeast dissolves into a smooth, beige color. let stand for 5 minutes., using a stand mixer, add the flours, salt, cornmeal, sesame seeds, and orange zest, and mix with dough hook. add the yeasted water and mix for 30 seconds. add the sesame oil, ginger and garlic. if the dough is too dry, add drops of water until it becomes moist. place dough in oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes., when ready to roll out, cut the dough into 2 pieces and roll out each piece to desired thickness., this will give you 2 individual pizzas or you can choose to do one. put the dough on a preheated pizza stone, if using an oven or a mesh grilling tray, if using a grill. depending on the thickness of the crust, it will take approximately 10 minutes for thin pizza and 15 to 20 minutes for thicker pizza., chicken, preheat the grill to medium., cut each chicken breast in half to make thinner cutlets. season with oil, and salt and pepper, to taste., grill for about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. remove from the grill to a cutting board and cut into bitesize pieces, either long strips or chunks. cover loosely with foil. set aside., assembly, arrange the grilled chicken, grilled pineapple, red pepper, avocado, cilantro on top of the dough. drizzle with peanut sauce, slice and serve.mix together the sugar, salt, cilantro, olive oil, onion, vinegar, fish sauce, sriracha, oregano, thyme, garlic, lime juice, bay leaves, ginger, and black pepper in a large bowl. add the duck legs and let marinate, 1 hour., line the bottom of a tall pan with a layer of duck fat. place the duck legs on top, then cover with another layer of duck fat. place in the refrigerator for 24 hours., preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., melt the remaining duck fat in a large ovenproof pot. wipe the marinade off the duck legs and place them in the warm fat. transfer the pot to the oven. roast until meat is falling off the bone, 2 12 to 3 12 hours. pull duck legs from fat., reheat the duck in a pan over medium heat until brown and crispy on both, sides. garnish with a drizzle of hoisin and serve with a side of fivespice guacamole., slice the avocados in half, working the knife carefully around the pit. twist the two halves in opposite directions, remove the pits, and scoop the flesh into a large bowl. add the lime juice and toss to coat, then drain off and reserve any unincorporated juice. add the fivespice powder, salt and sesame seeds. using a potato masher, mash the avocados to desired consistency. fold in the onions, jalapeno, cilantro and garlic. add 1 tablespoon of the reserved lime juice. let sit at room temperature for 1 hour, then serve.combine sesame seeds in a bowl and set aside. in a separate bowl combine the soy sauce, hot pepper sesame oil and lemon juice. marinate fish sticks for 5 to10 minutes in the soy mixture turning to coat. dredge in flour, shaking off excess. next, coat fish sticks with egg whites and then roll in sesame seeds to coat evenly on all sides. heat an oven proof saute pan over moderate heat and add the oil. saute the fish sticks on all sides until the sesame seeds just begin to brown. finish cooking, if necessary, in a preheated 425 degree oven for 4 to 6 minutes or until fish is just done and firm to the touch. be careful not to overcook. serve immediately with sweetsoy dipping sauce., combine all ingredients and stir to dissolve sugar. allow to sit for at least 2 hours for flavors to develop. store covered in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.combine sesame seeds in a bowl and set aside. in a separate bowl combine the soy sauce, hot pepper sesame oil and lemon juice. marinate fish sticks for 5 to10 minutes in the soy mixture turning to coat. dredge in flour, shaking off excess. next, coat fish sticks with egg whites and then roll in sesame seeds to coat evenly on all sides. heat an oven proof saute pan over moderate heat and add the oil. saute the fish sticks on all sides until the sesame seeds just begin to brown. finish cooking, if necessary, in a preheated 425 degree oven for 4 to 6 minutes or until fish is just done and firm to the touch. be careful not to overcook. serve immediately with sweetsoy dipping sauce, recipe follows., combine all ingredients and stir to dissolve sugar. allow to sit for at least 2 hours for flavors to develop. store covered in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and cook the garlic and ginger until browned. combine the broth, soy sauce, and fish sauce, if using, to the saucepan and bring to a simmer. add the remaining ingredients except the snow peas, scallions, and sesame oil. simmer for 20 minutes, and then add the snow peas. cook for just a few minutes longer, until the snow peas have softened but are still bright green. add the scallions to the saucepan, remove from heat, and ladle into serving bowls. drizzle a bit of sesame oil over the top of each serving.in a food processor puree peanuts, chiles, garlic, ginger, lime juice, fish sauce, oil, salt and sugar until smooth. do not overmix as you can heat the mixture. add the herbs and puree smooth. check for seasoning. oil shrimp on both sides and season. grill on both sides for about 5 minutes total., place a layer of romaine on a plate. lay 3 grilled shrimp on top and liberally drizzle with pesto.in a large saucepan, over high heat, bring the stock, water, soy sauce, mushrooms, ginger and red pepper flakes to a boil. lower the heat simmer, covered for 10 minutes or until the mushrooms are tender. blend the sesame, vegetable oils and rice vinegar. toss this dressing with the bean sprouts, scallions and watercress and season to taste with salt and pepper. divide this salad among 4 soup bowls and reserve for later. when the mushrooms are tender, add the chicken to the soup and simmer, over moderate heat, uncovered for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. season to taste with salt and pepper. remove the ginger slices, then ladle the hot soup over the bean sprout mixture and garnish with sesame seeds.put the peanut oil in a heavy skillet large enough to hold all the chicken in 1 layer without crowding. put the skillet over mediumlow heat. spread the sesame seeds on a pie plate or waxed paper. season the breasts with salt and pepper and press into the sesame seeds to coat both sides evenly. put in the skillet, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and cook for 5 minutes on each side, gently turning the breasts with a spatula, until the meat is firm and no pink shows in the middle. reduce the heat if needed to prevent burning., meanwhile, trim the bottom 12inch from the cabbage and remove any damaged or withered parts from the tops of the leaves. cut crosswise into strips no more than 12inch wide. put into a salad spinner, fill with water, drain and spin the greens dry. remove any excess moisture with paper towels., peel and halve the ginger. drop down the chute of a food processor with the motor running and puree. stop the motor and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. add the fish sauce, vinegar, and sesame oil. juice the lime and add the juice to the ginger mixture. process until the dressing is combined. add salt to taste., open the can of water chestnuts and drain. trim the scallions and cut the white and green parts crosswise into thin slices. cut the top from the bell pepper. stand it upright and cut down inside the four walls, separating them from the center core and seeds. then cut the walls into thin strips. coarsely chop the leaves from the cilantro sprigs., put the cabbage in a large mixing bowl. add the water chestnuts, scallions, bell pepper, cilantro, and dressing. toss well. cut the cooked chicken into strips no more than 12inch wide. add to the salad and toss.in a large bowl, toss together cabbage, carrots, green onions, peanuts, mint, basil and tofu. to make dressing, combine ingredients in a small bowl. pour over slaw mixture and toss well. serve immediately or refrigerate up to 1 hour.in a pot of boiling salted water cook the soba for 5 minutes, or until al dente, drain and transfer to large bowl. toss with oil. in large saucepan of boiling salted water add carrots and cook 2 minutes, add snowpeas and bean sprouts and bring water back to boil. drain vegetables and refresh. pat dry., add vegetables to bowl of pasta along with seafood and minced scallion., make the dressing in blender or processor combine all ingredients and blend until combined well. toss salad with dressing.in a small stock pot on high heat, coat lightly with olive oil and saute the leeks, sliced garlic, kaffir, lemongrass, and ginger until soft, about 3 minutes. add the mussels and clams, stir, and season. deglaze with wine, and cover, to steam open the shellfish., check after 3 to 5 minutes, most of the shellfish should be slightly opened. remove and discard the tightly closed shellfish. add the stock. bring to a simmer and reduce by 13., meanwhile, in a small saucepan coated very lightly with olive oil, saute the smashed garlic until light brown. add the saffron and stir. season and add the cream. bring to a simmer and reduce by 13. transfer to a blender and puree smooth. check for seasoning., remove and discard the kaffir, lemongrass, and ginger pieces. add the fish sauce and check for seasoning., while still simmering, add the cod and shrimp, and cook for 3 minutes. then add the crab and lime juice and check again for flavor., in 4 heated rice bowls, ladle the soup with the seafood. serve immediately, drizzled with saffrongarlic foam, or, if possible, place the warm saffrongarlic foam in a cream canister with 2 cartridges and foam on top of the soup., beverage domaine tempier from bandolrinse the fish under cold water and pat dry. sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. arrange 4 fillets in a single layer in a glass or enamel pie plate. top with half each of the scallions and ginger, then lay the remaining 4 fillets on top to make 4 sandwiches. drizzle with 1 tablespoon soy sauce and refrigerate until ready to cook, or up to 30 minutes., remove the fish from the refrigerator. fill a wok or large dutch oven with 2 to 3 inches of water bring to a boil. put a large steamer in the wok the water should not touch the bottom of the steamer. set the pie plate in the steamer, cover and steam until the fish is cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. transfer the fish to a plate and drizzle with any collected juices., heat the peanut oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the remaining ginger, the garlic, jalapeno, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt and stirfry 30 seconds. add the remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce and remove from the heat. slice the remaining scallions into matchsticks and scatter over the fish along with the bell pepper. pour the ginger mixture on top. serve with rice.heat the peanut oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees f. add the sliced shallot and cook, stirring often, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season with salt., whisk 2 tablespoons of the frying oil, the chopped shallot, lime juice, fish sauce, soy sauce, garlic, ginger and jalapeno in a large bowl. add the watermelon and toss to combine. let sit 10 minutes., add the cilantro, basil, mint and 2 tablespoons peanuts to the salad and season with salt toss to combine. top with the remaining 1 tablespoon peanuts and the fried shallot.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., this is because the easiest way to poach salmon for this dish is to do it in the oven. so pour the water into a roasting pan, add the lime leaves and then the salmon. cover the pan with foil, put in the oven and cook for about 15 minutes, by which time the salmon should be tender. remove the pan from the oven and drain the liquid off into a pitcher. keep the fish warm simply by replacing the foil on the pan., melt the butter in a wide, heavy saucepan that has a tightfitting lid, and add the oil to stop the butter burning. soften the onion in the pan and add the spices, then keep cooking till the onion is slightly translucent and suffused with soft perfume of the spices. add the rice and stir with a wooden spoon so that its all well coated. theres not enough onion to give a heavy coating just make sure the rice is fragrantly slicked., pour in the reserved liquid from the pitcher, about 2 14 cups, and stir before covering with the lid and cooking gently for 15 minutes. if your stove is vociferous you may need a flame tamer., at the end of the cooking time, when the rice is tender and has lost all chalkiness, turn off the heat, remove the lid, cover the pan with a dish towel and then replace the lid. this will help absorb any extra moisture form the rice. it is also the best way to let the rice stand without getting sticky or cold, which is useful when youve got a few friends and a few dishes to keep your eye on., just before you want to eat, drain off any extra liquid thats collected in the dish with the salmon, then flake the fish with a fork. add to it the rice, egg, cilantro, lime juice and a drop or 2 of fish sauce. stir gently to mix  i use a couple of wooden paddles or spatulas  and taste to see if you want any more lime juice or fish sauce. sprinkle over the zest from the 2 juiced halves of the lime and serve. i love it served just as it is in the roasting dish, but if you want to, and i often do consistency is a requirement of a recipe but not of a cook, decant into large plate before you add the lime zest, then surround with lime segments and add the zest and a small handful of freshly chopped cilantro., this is one of those rare dishes that manages to be comforting and light at the same time. and  should you have leftovers, which i wouldnt count on  its heavenly eaten, as all leftovers demand to be, standing up, straight from the fridge.in an ovenproof nonglass baking dish 11 by 8inch, combine the coconut milk, stock, fish sauce, lime juice, ginger, serrano, garlic, cilantro, and thai basil. add the fish, turn to coat, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., remove the fish from the marinade and reserve. add the vegetables to a small ovenproof dish and cover with the marinade. cover tightly with aluminum foil and place in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes., once the vegetables are cooked, drain the marinadecooking liquid into a small saucepot and place over mediumlow heat to reduce., pat the fish dry and strain as much liquid from the vegetables without damaging them. in the center of a piece of parchment, place 14 of the vegetables, top with 1 portion fish, and 1 slice fresh lime and fold the parchment around the fish and vegetables like a package. secure with the kitchen string and place on a baking sheet. repeat with remaining ingredients. bake for 15 to 20 minutes., remove the packets to individual serving plates, cut open to reveal, and garnish with a sprinkle of fresh cilantro and a wedge of lime.heat the oil a large skillet, with a lid, over medium heat. add the shallots, ginger, garlic, lemongrass, and chili, and stirfry until golden and aromatic, about 3 minutes. add the water, fish sauce, and sugar, stir and bring to a simmer. add the mussels, cover and steam until they open and plump slightly, about 5 minutes., discard any mussels that do not open. stir in the lime juice, cilantro, and mint leaves. divide the mussels and broth evenly among the bowls. serve.1. fill a large bowl halfway with ice cubes and add some cold water. place a colander squarely inside the ice bath. the colander will keep you from having to pick the asparagus out from amongst the ice cubes in the ice bath., 2. bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. add 1 teaspoon salt. add the asparagus and cook for 1 to 1frac12 minutes. you want them to be crunchy. if the asparagus are thicker, cook for 1frac12 to 2 minutes., 3. remove the asparagus from the water using a slotted spoon and transfer them to the colander inside the ice bath. move them around gently so the ice water penetrates the asparagus and accelerates the cooling process. vegetables take longer than you think to cool so allow them to sit a few minutes in the ice water. hold a piece of the asparagus in your hand for a few seconds to assure that its really cool even in the center. if the piece still feels warm, allow them to cool longer in the ice bath. place them on a kitchen towel to drain any excess moisture., 4. heat oil a medium skillet until hot but not smoking, add the walnuts and season with 14 teaspoon salt. they should bubble and fry slightly in the oil. when you can smell the walnuts, add the paprika and cayenne and lower the heat to medium. cook for about 30 seconds, stirring constantly, and transfer the mixture to a bowl. set aside., 5. toss the asparagus in the bowl with the walnuts and the oil. let this mixture sit in the refrigerator for a few hours or a few minutes. when ready to serve, stir in the lemon juice. serve immediately.cut the tuna into bitesize cubes and place in a medium mixing bowl. pour the chili water and shoyu over the tuna cubes. add the rayu and sriracha sauce. mix together and let the tuna marinate for a couple of minutes., dice the hawaiian chiles, ghost pepper and habanero as small as possible and add to the mixing bowl. add the seaweed salad and mix all the ingredients together., before serving, sprinkle the sea salt and japanese spice on top of the poke. finish off by adding the tobiko., alternatively, you can serve it in a chilled martini glass with the seaweed mix on the bottom and the poke mix on top. you can cut a slit into a hawaiian chile and hang on the glass as a garnish., heat the chiles, ginger, garlic, vinegar and salt with 2 cups water in a saucepan, but do not bring to a boil. stir all the ingredients and place in a bottle or jar slightly larger than 1 pint and seal off. be cautious of the steam for it will irritate your eyes and nasal cavity. refrigerate overnight and allow the flavor to develop in the water. use as you would any hot sauce.in a large mixing bowl, combine pepper, light soy sauce, fish sauce, and sesame oil. stir and coat the duck and marinate for 30 minutes. bring a fry pan to medium heat, add oil, then sear and brown the duck breasts skinside down for 3 minutes. remove and set aside., place some foil in a wok, add green tea, sugar, rice grains, cassia bark, and star anise. place a wire rack in the wok and cover., turn heat to high until the wok begins to smoke. now add the duck breasts skinside up and reduce the heat to medium. cover then allow to smoke., turn off heat and allow the duck to rest in the wok for a further 5 minutes., thinly slice the breasts, garnish with a combination of spring onions, chile, and coriander., serve with baguette and soychile dipping sauce.in a large pot, add the codfish and cover with 1 gallon of water. bring it to a boil and cook for 10 minutes to remove the salt. drain the cod and break it into small flakes with a spoon. set aside., in a large frying pan heat the olive oil over medium heat. add the green peppers, onion, tomatoes, and culantro and cook for 2 minutes. add the codfish, bay leaves, red bell peppers, tomato paste, and capers. cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. add the boiled potatoes and cook until heated through, about 2 more minutes., garnish with cilantro. serve with rice or cooked plantains, if desired., serving suggestion white rice or cooked plantains.start the fire 1 hour in advance, making sure the coals are white hot before you begin cooking., spread 12 of the seaweed on the bottom of the tub to protect the lobsters from burning. place lobsters on top of seaweed. place the corn on top of the lobster, and the potatoes on top of the corn. arrange the raw clams on top of the vegetables and top with the remaining seaweed. pour the wine into the tub. place the wet burlap over the food and tuck the edges into the tub to retain the steam inside., place the tub on top of the coals. every 15 minutes, moisten the burlap with water. cook for about 45 minutes., serve the lobster bake strewn out on newspapers, with melted butter, piles of coarse sea salt, and favorite spices as condiments.start the fire 1 hour in advance, making sure the coals are white hot before you begin cooking., spread 12 of the seaweed on the bottom of the tub to protect the lobsters from burning. place lobsters on top of seaweed. place the corn on top of the lobster, and the potatoes on top of the corn. arrange the raw clams on top of the vegetables and top with the remaining seaweed. pour the wine into the tub. place the wet burlap over the food and tuck the edges into the tub to retain the steam inside., place the tub on top of the coals. every 15 minutes, moisten the burlap with water. cook for about 45 minutes., serve the lobster bake strewn out on newspapers, with melted butter, piles of coarse sea salt, and favorite spices as condiments., you can do this on a stovetop using the exact same method. be sure to place the pot overlapping a couple of burners to get the heat you will need.with your hands, flake the whitefish, being careful to discard all the skin and bones. in a medium bowl, gently combine the whitefish with the red onion, celery, mayonnaise, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. taste for seasoning., toast the bagel slices in a toaster. arrange a platter with the smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes, and red onions. serve with the whitefish salad at room temperature.place the red onions in a medium bowl. combine 1 cup of the vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 cup salt, and the sugar, allspice, cinnamon and star anise in a small saucepan. bring to a boil, then lower to simmer and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. pour the liquid and spices over the onions. let cool, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 day., place the macadamia nuts in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook, tossing, until golden brown and fragrant, about 3 minutes. transfer the nuts to a bowl and season with salt and white pepper. let the nuts cool completely, then roughly chop., heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. add the garlic, yellow onions and ginger, and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes. carefully pour in the brandy and tilt the skillet slightly so the alcohol catches flame. once the flame dies down, scrape the bottom of the skillet to loosen any caramelized bits and then continue cooking until the brandy is reduced by half, about 1 minute. add the liver pate and cook, stirring, until fully heated through, about 5 minutes., scrape the liver mixture into a food processor and blend until smooth. press the mixture through a finemesh strainer into a bowl, discarding any solids. add the remaining 14 cup vinegar, the sriracha, mirin, soy sauce, fish sauce, sesame oil, lime juice and all but 1 teaspoon lime zest and whisk to combine., add the rice noodles to the liver sauce, toss until evenly coated, and then transfer the noodles to a serving platter. drain the pickled red onions from their liquid and sprinkle evenly over the noodles. top with the macadamia nuts, cilantro, scallions and the reserved lime zest.in workbowl of a food processor chop cilantro, tomato, green pepper and onion to a coarse paste. heat paste in a large heavy skillet over low heat for 15 minutes. season to taste with salt and pepper. add haddock and drained shrimp. cover and simmer 5 to 7 minutes. add lemon juice, coconut milk and dende and simmer 5 minutes more. serve, passing malagueta peppersin a very large soup pot or dutch oven, cook the bacon with olive oil over medium heat. when bacon is almost cooked, add garlic and jalapenos and cook for 30 seconds. raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the onion, celery, carrots, fennel, and bell peppers. add herbs, bay leaves, and crushed red pepper., add the crushed tomatoes and tomato sauce. bring to a simmer and reduce heat. add the stock, stir in the ground conch and potatoes and bring to a simmer. add hot red pepper sauce, to taste, and simmer for 10 minutes, then serve, or chill for later use.place beer, allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, salt, oregano, mustard, cayenne and pepper in a blender blend until smooth, scraping down the sides as necessary. transfer the batter to a shallow baking dish. add fish, turning to coat all sides., heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. transfer onethird of the battered fish to the pan, placing each piece into a little oil. cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. transfer cooked fish to a plate keep warm. add 1 tablespoon oil and half the remaining fish to the pan cook as directed above, reducing the heat if necessary. cook the remaining fish with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. serve immediately.directions, soak cornmeal in water. grate okra and cook in boiling water. when water is of a slimy consistency strain off okra and reserve. place saucepan on medium heat, add cornmeal and stir continuously until hot. when cornmeal begins to tighten, add okra water still stirring until cornmeal is cooked. stir in okra and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.cut the lobster in 2, lengthways, and clean the head cavity under cold running water. slightly loosen the tail meat from the shell, season the tail meat and brush with 1 tablespoon clarified butter. in a heavy bottomed frying pan, saute the onions in 1 tablespoon of butter until soft. add the bread crumbs and cook until golden brown. pour in some of the fish stock to moisten and add the herbs. season, to taste. when cooled, fill the lobster head cavity with the stuffing up to where the tail meat starts. drizzle with remaining butter and bake in a preheated 450 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until the lobster tail feels firm to the touch. serve with melted butter and fresh lemon.season fish with salt and pepper. place fish in oval casserole dish. melt 4 ounces butter in small sauce pan. add wine and remaining ingredients, except the paprika. simmer about 2 minutes. remove from heat and spoon over fish. now sprinkle paprika over fish. bake fish in 375 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the fish is done.season fish with salt and pepper. place fish in an oval casserole dish. melt butter in small saucepan. add remaining ingredients and simmer about three minutes. spoon sauce over fish and cook fish in 375 degree oven for about 10 to 12 minutes or until done. sprinkle with chopped parsley.for the chutney blend the cilantro, lemon juice, garlic, ginger, chiles, coconut, pistachios, and cumin in a food processor to a puree., heat a small amount of the vegetable oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat. when the oil is hot, add the mustard seeds. be careful of the popping mustard seeds and splattering of oil. when the mustard seeds start to pop, remove the pan from the heat, and add the seeds to the chutney mixture. season the mixture well with salt, and freshly ground black pepper., in a separate bowl, mix 2 tablespoons of the chutney mixture with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. brush the chutney mixture all over the sea bass, and set aside to marinate for 20 to 30 minutes., while the fish is marinating, preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., when the fish has marinated, spoon the remaining chutney mixture into the cavities of the sea bass. place the stuffed sea bass onto a sheet pan, and bake in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the flesh of each sea bass is opaque., to serve the dish, divide the stuffed sea bass among four serving plates. spoon a portion of the new potatoes and green salad alongside. garnish each plate with a wedge of lemon.1. preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., 2. place the butter in the bowl of a food processor and add the scallions, garlic, 3 teaspoons lemon juice and lemon zest. pulse to blend. transfer the mixture to a bowl add the walnuts and season with salt and pepper. add the breadcrumbs and stir to blend set aside., 3. heat 12 cup water in a large skillet until boiling. place clams into the pan and cover with a lid. let clams steam for 3 minutes or until some of the clams begin to open. remove clams from pan and let sit until they are cool enough to handle. pry the clam shells open using a butter knife, remove and discard the upper shell. use a small knife to detach the clam body from the shell. loosely mold some of the breadcrumb mixture into each of the shells so the clam body is somewhat covered. arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet. bake for 10 minutes., 4. preheat the broiler and broil them for a minute, watching them constantly so they dont burn. remove them from the oven. drizzle with the remaining 1 teaspoon lemon juice. top each clam with parsley. serve immediately., 2013 john b. sanfilippo  son, inc. fisher is a registered trademark of john b. sanfilippo  son, inc.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., salt and pepper the fish sticks. place the flour on a rimmed plate and season with the garlic, mixing with a fork, and set aside., place the bread and herbs if using in a food processor and pulse until uniform, but not too small. season with salt and pepper. transfer the breadcrumbs to a shallow baking dish or rimmed plate and set aside., whisk the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a medium bowl. dredge a piece of fish in the flour, gently shake off excess, and then dip the fish in the egg mixture, then the breadcrumbs, gently pressing into the crumbs. repeat with the remaining pieces of fish., place a metal cooling rack on top of a baking sheet, and mist with olive oil. place the fish sticks on the rack and bake until the fish is cooked through, about 12 minutes. for even browning, you can turn the fish over halfway through cooking time and spray the second side with olive oil.position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees f using the convection setting, if available. place a baking sheet on one of the racks to preheat., prepare the chips cut the potatoes into 14inchthick sticks. toss with the olive oil and cayenne in a bowl. carefully remove the hot baking sheet from the oven, add the potatoes and spread in an even layer. use a rubber spatula to scrape any oil from the bowl over the potatoes. bake on the top oven rack, turning once, until browned and crisp, 25 to 30 minutes. season with salt., meanwhile, make the fish set a wire rack on a baking sheet and coat with cooking spray. lightly crush the cereal in a bowl with your fingers. add 2 teaspoons salt, and black pepper to taste. in another bowl, whisk the egg whites and a pinch of salt until frothy., dip the fish in the egg whites, then roll in the cereal crumbs to coat. place the fish pieces on the rack position them on their sides so that the majority of the crust is exposed and mist with cooking spray., bake the fish on the bottom oven rack until crisp and just cooked through, about 12 minutes. season with salt and black pepper. serve the fish and chips with tartar sauce andor malt vinegar, if desired.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., in a large skillet, saute zucchini and tomatoes in olive oil over medium heat for 5 minutes. remove skillet from heat and stir in vinegar and scallions. sprinkle with pepper., arrange fish steaks in one layer in a medium oiled baking dish. pour tomato and zucchini mixture over fish. bake for 15 minutes or until fish is done., recipe provided by low cholesterol olive oil cookbookdirections, salad combine all ingredients., place the citrus juices in a saucepan and stir over medium heat until it is reduced by 12. at that point set it aside. bring the sake to a boil, dissolve in the maple syrup, let this cool. once it is cool, take the 4 fillets sablefish, place in a nonreactive deep dish pan, or small pan and cover with the sakemaple syrup mixture and marinate this for 24 hours, refrigerated., take the sablefish out of the marinade. on a damp cloth simply spot the fish and then, on a large cookie sheet lined with either parchment paper or waxed paper, place the fish skinside up and fleshside down, bake in preheated 375 degree oven for 10 minutes, then remove from heat., quickly bring the orange, grapefruit and lemon juice to a boil, stir in the butter until dissolved. add soy sauce. check for seasoning. in 4 individual bowls equally divide the orange segments, grapefruit segments and lemon segments, place some of the soy and orange sauce in the bowls, place the fish on the top of the citrus, the salad on top of the fish and serve immediately.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., grease a baking dish with nonstick spray. arrange the fish fillets in the prepared baking dish to cover the bottom. in a bowl, combine the bread crumbs with melted butter, crabmeat, and artichokes. slice the tomato thinly and arrange the slices over the fish. spread the cheese over the tomatoes. top with the buttered crumb mixture. bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fish is white and flaky.in a skillet heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot, add the onion and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the onion, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it is golden. add the tomato, garlic, basil, and thyme and cook the mixture until thick, stirring occasionally, about 3 to 5 minutes more. spoon half the tomato mixture into an oiled shallow flameproof baking dish just large enough to hold the fish in one layer, arrange the fish fillets on top of the tomato mixture, and sprinkle them with salt and pepper, to taste. spoon the remaining tomato mixture over the fish and bake it in a preheated 375 degree f oven, covered with foil, until the fish just flakes about 15 minutes., with a spatula, carefully transfer the fish to a large plate. bring the tomato mixture in the baking dish to a simmer over moderate heat, add the broth and cornstarch mixture and the tomato paste, and simmer the sauce, stirring, until it is thickened. let it cool. carefully transfer the fish and its sauce to a flat freezer container with a tightfitting lid, arranging the fish in a single layer. freeze the fish for up to one month., to reheat defrost the fish, covered, in the refrigerator. transfer the fish to a baking dish and bake the fish, covered with foil, in a preheated 375 degree f oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until it is heated through. correct the seasoning, adding salt and pepper, to taste, and sprinkle the baked halibut with the minced parsley before serving.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., grease a baking dish with nonstick spray. arrange the fish fillets in the prepared baking dish to cover the bottom. in a bowl, combine the bread crumbs with melted butter, crabmeat, and artichokes. slice the tomato thinly and arrange the slices over the fish. spread the cheese over the tomatoes. top with the buttered crumb mixture. bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fish is white and flaky.preheat oven to 450 degrees f., in a medium gratin dish or baking dish, make a bed of herbs with the thyme, parsley and bay leaves, scatter the garlic on top. reserve 4 parsley sprigs, for garnish. season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper and lay on top of the herbs. add in the vermouth, and drizzle 2 tablespoons of the oil over the fish, cover loosely with foil. bake until the fish is opaque, about 20 to 22 minutes., carefully, pour the pan juices into a small saucepan and set the fish aside. keep the garlic and 4 thyme sprigs for garnish. bring the sauce to a boil, over high heat, reduce by about 12, about 5 minutes. whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon juice. season with salt and pepper, to taste. set aside. debone the fish running a spoon handle along each side of the center bone, then lift the bone out. peel side off and discard. divide fish steaks in half crosswise, among 4 serving plates. pour sauce over fish and serve with a dollop of tapenade, if using, on top and garnish with the thyme sprigs, garlic, and tomatoes., to make the tapenade combine the olives, oil, thyme, and lemon zest, stir to combine. season with pepper and set aside.preheat oven to 425 degrees f., in a food processor add panko, butter, fresh herbs, garlic and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. process until well combined then set aside while you prepare the lobster., place the lobster halves flesh side up in a roasting tray. top with the pankomixture. drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. bake in the hot oven for 30 to 35 minutes until the top is golden brown. serve whole with a shell cracker, or split claw shells slightly with the heel of your knife and section the tail into pieces. serve with fresh lemon wedges, mixed lettuce and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and lemon juice.position a rack in the upper third of the oven preheat to 425 degrees f. brush a baking sheet with olive oil set aside. cut the cod crosswise into 34inchthick pieces about 16. season generously with salt., heat the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. add the panko and cook, tossing, until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. transfer to a shallow dish and let cool completely., add the parmesan to the panko. spread the flour in a separate shallow dish. lightly beat the egg whites in a third shallow dish., dredge the fish in the flour, then dip in the beaten egg whites, letting the excess drip off, then dip in the panko mixture, patting to adhere. transfer to the prepared baking sheet., bake until the fish is cooked through and the coating is golden brown and crisp, 15 to 18 minutes. serve with warm marinara sauce.preheat the oven to 325 degrees. butter 2 pieces of foil or parchment paper and set aside. season salmon with salt and pepper. saute the vegetables in the butter for 2 to 3 minutes just until they begin to get tender. add the cream and cook until most of it has been absorbed by the vegetables season with salt and pepper. place each salmon fillet on the piece of buttered parchment or foil and top with cooked vegetables. seal the salmon and place the pouch on a baking sheet. bake for 10 minutes. remove the pouches from the oven transfer the salmon, vegetables and their juices to a heated plate. serve as is just with french bread or with a side dish of cucumber curls and mint.preheat oven to 375 degrees. on a large piece of foil, drizzle olive oil and top with fish fillets. top with leeks and red pepper. season with dried tarragon, salt and pepper. splash fish with 34 tablespoons wine. fold foil up into a package and place on baking sheet. bake for 20 minutespreheat oven to 400 degrees. wipe shad fillets with damp paper towel. season both fillets with salt and pepper and wine. lay one fillet on a large piece of foil and spoon stuffing onto fillet. top with second shad fillet, dot with butter and wrap up in foil. place whole package onto a baking sheet and bake about 30 minutes until fish flakes easily. serve immediately.in a large skillet, heat the butter and oil. add the onion, zucchini, and mushrooms. cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring often, until the vegetables are softened and lightly browned, about 6 minutes. add the scallops, shrimp and seafood seasoning and cook, stirring, until the seafood is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the heat., add the cracker crumbs and season to taste with salt and pepper. the stuffing can be made up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. leftover stuffing can be frozen. bring to room temperature or take the chill off in the microwave before stuffing the fish., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., brush a large glass baking dish generously with melted butter., season the fish fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. arrange 4 of the fillets in the baking dish. cover with stuffing, pressing it in to make an even layer, and top with the remaining fillets. if some of the seafood stuffing spills out into the dish, thats fine. brush the fish with melted butter., bake in the preheated oven until the fish is opaque in its thickest part and the stuffing is heated through, 20 to 30 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish. garnish with lemon wedges for squeezing over the fish.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., place swordfish steaks in large shallow baking dish and season with salt and pepper. spread tapenade on top of steaks. pour orange juice and wine over and around the fish and cover with foil. bake until fish is just cooked through, and still opaque, about 8 to 10 minutes., remove the baking pan from oven and transfer fish to platter. pour remaining liquid into a small saucepan and reduce slightly. whisk in butter and spoon sauce over fish. garnish with orange slices and minced parsley., preheat oven to 400 degrees. cut the tomatoes in half, crosswise. with your index finger poke out the seeds from the cavities. sprinkle the halves lightly with salt and put the tomato upside down on a rack to drain for 20 minutes or more. blend all of the remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl. correct the seasoning. sprinkle the insides of each tomato half with black pepper, then fill with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of the stuffing. sprinkle with a few drops of olive oil. arrange the tomatoes in the oiled baking dish. they can be prepared up to this point several hours ahead. place the baking dish in the upper third of the preheated oven and bake the tomatoes until tender but still holding their shape, 10 to 15 minutes. the bread crumb filling should be lightly browned., 4 servings, preparation time 10 minutes cooking time 15 minutes inactive prep time 20 minutespreheat oven to 400 degrees f., place swordfish steaks in large shallow baking dish and season with salt and pepper. spread tapenade on top of steaks. pour orange juice and wine over and around the fish and cover with foil. bake until fish is just cooked through, and still opaque, about 8 to 10 minutes., remove the baking pan from oven and transfer fish to platter. pour remaining liquid into a small saucepan and reduce slightly. whisk in butter and spoon sauce over fish. garnish with orange slices and minced parsley.preheat oven to 400 degrees f. place swordfish steaks in large shallow baking dish and season with salt and pepper. spread tapenade on top of steaks. pour orange juice and wine over and around the fish and cover with foil. bake until fish is just cooked through, and still opaque, about 8 to 10 minutes., remove the baking pan from oven and transfer fish to platter. pour remaining liquid into a small saucepan and reduce slightly. whisk in butter and spoon sauce over fish. garnish with orange slices and minced parsley., preheat oven to 400 degrees. cut the tomatoes in half, crosswise. with your index finger poke out the seeds from the cavities. sprinkle the halves lightly with salt and put the tomato upside down on a rack to drain for 20 minutes or more. blend all of the remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl. correct the seasoning. sprinkle the insides of each tomato half with black pepper, then fill with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of the stuffing. sprinkle with a few drops of olive oil. arrange the tomatoes in the oiled baking dish. they can be prepared up to this point several hours ahead. place the baking dish in the upper third of the preheated oven and bake the tomatoes until tender but still holding their shape, 10 to 15 minutes. the bread crumb filling should be lightly browned., yield 4 servings, preparation time 10 minutes cooking time 15 minutes inactive prep time 20 minutesin a rectangular dish, large enough to hold the 2 duck halves, mix the marinade ingredients together. liberally rub the duck on all sides and inside the cavity with the mixture. cover and place in the refrigerator for 4 hours to marinate., prepare a fryer filled with coconut or peanut oil, preheat to 225 degrees f. wipe off all the mixture and braise the duck in the oil. duck should be completely submerged. remove the duck after 1 hour, it should be fully cooked. heat the fryer to 400 degrees f oven degrees and fry the duck again to color and crisp up., on a large oval platter, place a large mound of the root vegetable mash in the center. place duck on top and garnish with warm exotic fruit salsa and sambal oil., in a large stockpot, add the root vegetables and garlic. top with cold water and bring to a boil. slowly boil until the pieces are fully cooked and a knife can easily pierce the pieces., drain well, dry out the stock pot, and place vegetables back in. meanwhile, in a saucepot, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter and sweat the scallions. add the cream and reduce by 50 percent, about 5 minutes. add the cream to the pot and mash by hand. add the butter, season with salt and pepper, and check for flavor., in a saute pan on high heat, coated lightly with oil, saute the onions, ginger, chile, and lemongrass until soft. add the fruit and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. season with salt and pepper and check for flavor., mix all together.peel off and discard the tough, old outer layers called bracts of the banana blossom. use a japanese mandolin with the thinnest setting and cut into fine julienne strips immediately plunge into large bowl of cold water and the white vinegar. when ready to prepare the salad, remove the julienne strips and shake off the tiny white buds chopped up baby buds. rinse and drain. squeeze dry of the excess water. place 4 cups wellpacked strips into a bowl. add the white vinaigrette and toss for a few seconds. pour off the excess liquid., in a separate bowl, toss the shredded chicken with salt, pepper, and lime juice. add the grapefruit, rau rum, and chili fish sauce and mix together thoroughly., to serve, mound the salad equally onto 4 separate plates. top each salad with 1 tablespoon crispy shallot flakes and 1 tablespoon chopped peanuts. serve immediately., mix all ingredients together in a medium bowl until the sugar and salt are dissolved. set aside.for the marinade combine the orange juice, soy sauce, ginger, sugar, jalapenos, garlic, cinnamon and star anise. pour the marinade over the wings and marinate in the refrigerator overnight., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., remove the wings from marinade and place on a baking sheet. roast for 30 minutes., for the bananagarlic sauce in a large pot set over low heat, melt the butter and toast the garlic until dark golden brown, 15 minutes. add the fish sauce, orange juice, maple syrup, chili sauce, banana liqueur, bananas, orange juice and zest. bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer for 20 minutes. puree the sauce in a blender, and then set aside., for the dipping sauce place the pineapple juice and sugar in a small saucepot set over medium heat and cook to reduce by onethird 6 ounces, about 1 hour. it should be slightly caramelized. chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour., add the reduced juice mixture to the sour cream and mix., for the plantains heat the oil in a large, heavybottomed saucepan set over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees f. carefully peel the plantains, taking care to avoid getting the peels under your fingernails. then cut the plantains into 12inchthick slices. fry the plantain slices for 3 minutes., preheat the grill to high heat., grill the wings until golden brown. meanwhile, reheat the bananagarlic sauce in a stockpot. add the grilled wings and fried plantains to the sauce and toss until everything is glazed and very hot. serve the wings and plantains on a platter with the dipping sauce in a bowl on the side.for the patties in a medium mixing bowl, combine the pork, beef and shrimp. do not over mix as this will cause the proteins to become sticky. portion into four 7ounce burger patties and refrigerate for 1 hour or until ready to use., for the banh mi marinade in a large mixing bowl, whisk the fish sauce and sugar until the sugar is dissolved. add the curry paste and whisk until its completely broken up. add the lime juice, ginger, turmeric, garlic, lemongrass, chile, shallot, lime leaves, basil and mint and mix well., for the curry aioli combine the mayo, sugar, fish sauce, lime juice, curry powder, ginger juice, sriracha and turmeric and whisk until smooth. set aside and chill., for the nuoc mam sauce in a mixing bowl, whisk the sugar and hot water until dissolved. add the fish sauce, vinegar, garlic and chile and mix well., to assemble preheat a grill to medium to mediumhigh heat. dip the patties into the banh mi marinade and grill to desired doneness. during the grilling process, continue to dip the patties in the marinade to form a flavorful crust on the outside of the patties., grill or toast the buns. next, grill the pork loaf slices about 2 minutes on each side., place a burger patty on the bottom bun followed by 2 slices pork loaf. add 1 teaspoon curry aioli, and then the carrots and daikon. finish with the lettuce and the top bun. repeat with the remaining ingredients. serve the nuoc mam on the side as a dipping sauce.in a large bowl, toss the cucumber, carrot, radish, mint, cilantro and scallions with the fish sauce, salt and lime juice. let the slaw stand 10 minutes., preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. butterfly the hotdogs by slicing lengthwise about threequarters of the way through. grill the hot dogs until browned and a little crispy, about 3 minutes per side. butter one side of each baguette piece and toast until golden brown., spread 1 tablespoon of the mayonnaise on one side of 4 of the baguette pieces. put a hot dog on top of each, followed by some slaw, torn basil leaves and jalapeno slices. top with a remaining baguette piece.for the pickled carrot and red radish toss the sliced radishes and carrots with the salt and sugar in a medium bowl. let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. pour the rice vinegar over the mixture. cover and refrigerate at least 24 hours or up to one week., for the braised pulled pork preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., rub the pork with the salt and pepper. heat the olive oil in a dutch oven or brazier pan over mediumhigh heat for about 2 minutes. carefully place the pork into the hot pan, fatside down. cook until browned, 4 to 5 minutes. use tongs to carefully turn the pork, cooking on all sides until browned, 5 to 10 minutes more., transfer the pork to a plate, leaving all its juices in the pan. add the bacon, carrot, celery, onion, bell pepper and garlic and cook, stirring often, until starting to brown, about 2 minutes. add the chili powder, allspice, chiles de arbol, bay leaves, rosemary and thyme. continue cooking over medium heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. add the cider, and stir, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. add the chicken broth, and bring to a boil. remove the pan from the heat., place the pork in the pan, on top of the vegetables. cover the pan, and place it in the oven. cook until the pork is soft to the touch and shreds easily, 5 to 6 hours. carefully remove the pork from the pan, and shred it with tongs in a large bowl or pot. strain and discard the solids, saving the braising liquid. pour the strained liquid over the shredded pork., for the umami sauce combine the vegetable broth, soy sauce, fish sauce, brown sugar, sesame seeds, peppercorns, garlic, green onions, bacon, cloves, carrot, cinnamon stick, ginger, jalapeno, yellow onion and star anise in a large pot. simmer the mixture over low heat for 90 minutes to allow the flavors to develop. strain and discard the solids, saving the liquid. in a small bowl, stir together the cold water and cornstarch to create a slurry. stir the slurry into the hot liquid until it is thick. set the sauce aside until the pork is ready., pour the umami sauce over the pork and use tongs to toss. this can be done the day before servingjust reheat the pork when you are ready to assemble the tacos., for the sriracha mayo stir together the mayonnaise and sriracha in a small bowl until combined., for the tacos preheat a griddle or large frying pan over medium heat. for each taco, hold 2 corn tortillas together, dip them in a bowl of roomtemperature water and count to three. place the tortillas, still together, on the hot griddle, and cook until hot and beginning to blister on each side, about 45 seconds. stack the hot tortillas on a plate., sprinkle each set of tortillas with cilantro, sliced jalapenos and pickled carrot and red radish. top with some umami pork, and drizzle with sriracha mayo.for the pickled carrots in a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, vinegar, and salt until dissolved. add the carrots, toss to coat and allow to pickle for about 2 hours. for the pork combine the soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar, fivespice powder, garam masala, black pepper, garlic and shallots in a resealable plastic bag. seal and shake until well dissolved. add the pork to the bag, massage the marinade into the pork and marinate for 1 hour. when youre ready to cook the pork, grab a large castiron skillet. place the pan over high heat until it is smoking. using a pair of tongs, pull each pork chop out of the marinade, shake off the excess and place it in the pan. dont crowd the pan  no meat should be touching you want the meat to sear, not steam. after about 2 minutes, flip each chop it should be a caramel brown color. cook another minute on the other side and remove from the pan. if youre cooking in batches, cook the remaining chops. slice the chops into thin strips. for the sandwiches warm the tortillas up over an open flame so they become soft and pliable. i also like to char them a little if you dont have a gas stove, warm them in a pan over medium heat, or pop them in a microwave for 10 to 15 seconds. smear a little mayo down the middle of the tortilla. then, pile a little layer of pickled carrots, some cucumber slices, a few sprigs of cilantro, some mint leaves, pork chop strips, a few slices of chiles a and squeeze of fresh lime juice over the top. wrap, and secure with toothpick. wrap in parchment paper if youre taking them to the beach, or just eat right away if youre not, add the green cardamom seeds, cloves, black cardamom seeds and cinnamon sticks to a spicecoffee grinder and grind until fine. store in an airtight container away from direct sunlight.for the marinade, pound the garlic, sugar, and shallots in a mortar into a paste. add the fish sauce, sesame seeds, black pepper, sesame oil, and lemon grass. the lower third of the stalk of lemon grass should be sliced thinly, then minced, before adding to the mortar. its best to mince in a food processor., slice beef into thin crosswise slices, 18inch thick, place in a bowl and cover with marinade for about 1 hour., preheat a ridged grill or broiler and place the meat on the hot grill. cook for 1 minute on each side. cool to room temperature., cook the rice sticks in boiling water for about 4 minutes. drain, rinse, and set aside., to serve, set out 4 to 6 bowls and arrange the food in the following manner, place some shredded cucumber and lettuce in the bottom of each bowl, then sprinkle on some of the mint and coriander. distribute the noodles among the bowls. arrange the meat over the noodles. sprinkle with more mint and cilantro, plus the chopped peanuts. add a few pieces of shredded hot pepper on top and decorate with a sprig of cilantro., serve with a bowl of nuoc cham to sprinkle on top., for nuoc cham, peel garlic. split the chile and remove seeds and membrane. cut into pieces and put into mortar with garlic and sugar. pound to a paste. squeeze the lime juice into the paste and with a small knife remove the pulp from the lime section and add it as well. mash this mixture and add the fish sauce and water.preheat the grill., coat each catfish fillet with the dry rub. dip the fish into the oil and place the fillets on a hot grill to establish grill marks. after establishing grill marks and the fillets release from the grill, place the catfish into a smoker. smoke for 2 minutes using the hickory wood chips. add water to the chips and steam the fish for another 2 minutes. remove the catfish from the smoker and serve immediately with homemade tartar sauce., mix all ingredients together in a small bowl. season with salt, to taste. chill, covered, in the refrigerator until ready to serve.put the rice into a medium pot and pour in 6 cups cold water. put the pot over mediumhigh heat, cover, and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the water is absorbed, 20 to 30 minutes. reserve 2 cups cooked rice for rice pudding with coconut milk recipe., remove the chicken breasts from the bone and slice into thin strips. reserve the bones and the legs, thighs, and wings for round 2 recipe coconut chicken soup. in a large wok or skillet over high heat, add the oil. when the oil is hot, add the chicken and stirfry until it is almost completely cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. add the onions and peppers and cook until slightly softened but still crisp, about 3 minutes. add the chile and garlic and cook 1 minute., to a bowl, add 2 tablespoons water, sugar, soy sauce, and fish sauce. stir and pour over the chicken and onions and cook for another minute. add the basil and remove from the heat once it has wilted. add the lime juice into the chicken mixture and stir. serve hot over rice.cook the rice in a 4quart saucepan of boiling salted water with the lemongrass, shallot, kaffir lime leaf, and garlic, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. drain the rice and discard the lemongrass, shallot, lime leaf, and garlic., heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. add the ginger and shallot. cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture is translucent. add the cooked rice, soy sauce, fish sauce, thai basil, mint leaves, and cilantro and toss until well combined. add the lime juice and adjust the seasoning, if necessary., in a large skillet or on a plancha griddle on high heat, sear the sausage in olive oil on all sides until cooked through., heat a nonstick skillet over high heat and add enough oil to thinly coat the bottom of the pan. cook the quail eggs sunny side up., for each serving, spoon basil fried rice onto the bottom of 6 warm plates and slide a quail egg on top. place a spoonful of green papaya slaw on the side and arrange two sausages on top. garnish the plate with a few drops of harissa sauce and a sprinkle of peanuts, and serve hot., in a small pot, combine the sugar, garlic, lime juice, and fish sauce and simmer until the sugar is dissolved. let the mixture cool completely., in a nonreactive bowl, combine the papaya, scallion, cilantro, chile, and lime juice mixture. toss to combine the ingredients and refrigerate, covered, for at least one day before serving.directions, heat a 6 or 8quart heavy bottomed soup or sauce pot over a low heat and add the bacon. once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook the bacon until crisp golden brown. leave the bacon pieces and the fat in the pan. add the butter, onion, thyme and bay leaf. saute them for about 8 minutes over a medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened, but not browned. add the potatoes and fish stock. the stock should just barely cover the potatoes. if it doesnt add enough water to cover them. turn up the heat and bring to a boil. cover the pot and cook the potatoes vigorously for about 8 minutes. add the diced cabbage, reduce heat to medium, and simmer for 5 more minutes. season with salt and pepper. the potatoes should be firm in the center and soft on the outside. if the broth hasnt thickened, lightly smash a few potatoes against the side of the pot and simmer 1 or 2 minutes longer to release their starches. remove the pot from the heat. stir in the scallops and let sit for 5 minutes. add the cream and let sit 10 more minutes while the scallops finish their slow cooking. retaste the chowder and adjust the salt and pepper. if you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit then refrigerate. cover the chowder after it has completely chilled. otherwise, let it sit for up to an hour, allowing the flavors to meld. when ready to serve, reheat over a low heat and dont let the chowder boil. use a slotted spoon to mound the pieces of scallop, potato, cabbage and bacon in the center of large soup plates or shallow bowls and ladle the creamy broth around. sprinkle generously with sliced scallions., recipe courtesy of jasper white, author, lobster at homemix together crabmeat, cornbread, spinach, pine nuts, mustard and salt and pepper. lay fish skin side up and top with 2 12 ounces stuffing. roll tightly and refrigerate until set. dredge in seasoned flour, dip in buttermilk, and roll through fish fry mix. deep fry at 350 degrees f until light brown. remove to sheet pan and finish in a preheated 350 degree f oven until temperature of 150 degrees f. top with 1 12 ounces cajun beurre blanc and garnish with lemon., in heavy saucepan, add all ingredients except butter and cream. reduce the liquid over low heat. add heavy cream and reduce by half. slowly add butter, whipping continuouslyalternating pan on and off flame. strain and add seasoning.in a medium saucepan, combine vegetable stock, fish sauce, soy, preserved radish and white pepper. after the mixture has come to a simmer, add bean curd cubes and cook for about a minute. add scallions and allow to warm through. ladle into bowls and serve with lime wedges.make the broth position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees f. toss the beef shanks, onions, ginger and garlic with the vegetable oil on a rimmed baking sheet and season generously with salt. roast, turning once halfway through, until the meat and vegetables are slightly charred, about 30 minutes. transfer to a large pot., meanwhile, toast the cinnamon sticks, star anise pods and peppercorns in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking the pan, 5 minutes., add the beef broth, 2 quarts water, the toasted spices and the fish sauce to the pot with the beef shanks. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. cook, skimming off any foam that rises to the top, until the meat is tender, 1 hour to 1 hour, 30 minutes. remove from the heat and transfer the beef shanks to a cutting board strain the broth through a finemesh sieve into another large pot. the broth can be made up to 2 days ahead let cool, then refrigerate in a covered container., shred the meat from the shanks with two forks, discarding any bits of cartilage, then stir back into the broth. discard the bones., cook the noodles as the label directs. divide the broth and shredded meat among bowls, then add the noodles and roast beef. top with the bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and red onion serve with hoisin sauce andor sriracha.in a large pot, submerge the oxtail in cold water, add 3 tablespoons salt and soak for 1 hour, then drain., to make the spice pouch, dry roast each ingredient separately in a frying pan over medium heat until fragrant., cool, then coarsely grind the spice using a mortar and pestle or small spice grinder. add the ground spices to the muslin square and tie up tightly in a knot. set aside., heat a barbecue grill or chargill pan over mediumhigh heat and grill the unpeeled garlic, onions and ginger evenly for 15 minutes in total until all sides are blackened., now peel the blackened skins and discard them, and then roughly chop. by doing this, the garlic, onion and ginger becomes sweet and fragrant, releasing more flavour into the stock., put the oxtail, brisket and 200 fluid ounces 6 litres cold water in a stockpot and bring to the boil. while the stock is boiling, constantly skim any impurities off the surface for 15 minutes this will ensure a clean, clear broth, then reduce the heat to a low simmer., add the fish sauce, remaining 1 tablespoon salt, rock sugar, garlic, onions, ginger, and spice pouch., cover and simmer for 3 hours, or until the stock has reduced to almost 12., strain the stock through a muslin cloth. remove the brisket, set aside to cool, then thinly slice., blanch each portion of noodles in boiling water for 20 seconds., drain, then transfer to a serving bowl., place 3 or 4 slices of brisket on top of the noodles, followed by 3 or 4 pieces of raw sirloin. pour over the hot stock to cover the noodles and beef., serve with 1 tablespoon spring onion, a pinch of black pepper, and a coriander sprig to each bowl., at the table, add chile, and a squeeze of lime.put the beef bones, oxtail, beef chuck and 1 tablespoon salt in a large pot and add cold water to cover by 2 inches. bring to a boil over high heat and boil vigorously until the surface of the water is foamy, about 10 minutes. drain the bones and meat in a colander discarding the liquid and rinse well with cold water. clean the inside of the pot, put the blanched bones and meat back into it and add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. bring to a boil over high heat then reduce to mediumlow and simmer for 15 minutes, skimming and discarding any foam that rises to the surface., meanwhile char the onion and ginger over an open flame until well blackened on both sides. alternatively you may place them on a foillined baking sheet and broil on high, turning once, until well charred, about 10 minutes. add the onion, ginger, fish sauce, cloves, star anise, cinnamon, black peppercorns and rock sugar to the pot and continue to simmer. skim the surface of the soup often to remove the fat and foam that rises. if necessary, add water during cooking to keep the bones submerged. cook until a paring knife pierces the chuck easily and comes out with little resistance and the oxtail meat pulls easily away from the bone, 3 12 to 4 hours., remove the meat and bones from the pot with a slotted spoon or spider to a rimmed baking sheet. discard the larger bones and let the chuck and oxtail cool enough to handle, 10 minutes. meanwhile pour the broth through a finemesh strainer into a clean pot and keep hot over mediumlow heat. you should have about 12 cups of broth. put the rice noodles into a large bowl and cover with hot water. let the noodles soak until soft, 10 to 15 minutes, then drain and divide between 6 serving bowls., pick the oxtail meat from the bones and divide it between the bowls. thinly slice the beef chuck across the grain of the meat and divide it between the bowls. divide the sliced eye of round between the bowls and then ladle the hot broth over. top with the cilantro and onion and serve with the bean sprouts, basil, lime, sriracha and hoisin on the side.combine marinade ingredients in a shallow pan or bowl. add beef and marinate, in the refrigerator, for 1 to 3 hours. meanwhile, soak wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes., preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. skewer the meat and then grill for 2 to 3 minutes or until the desired degree of doneness. serve with peanut sauce., heat peanut oil in a saute pan over low heat. add garlic and sweat cook until it softens and releases moisture but does not color over low heat until fragrant, approximately 1 minute. add the chile peppers and continue to cook for another minute. add remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer. adjust the consistency with additional water, if necessary.directions, 1. in a small heavy skillet, combine the cashews and coriander seeds and place over medium heat. cook, shaking the skillet frequently, until the cashews are lightly browned and the coriander is fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes., 2. in a food processor, combine the toasted cashews, coriander, shallots, garlic, ginger, sambal, fish sauce, brown sugar, and lime juice process until almost smooth., 3. slice the beef against the grain into 14inch thick slices. thread the beef onto the skewers. coat the beef with the cashew mixture, cover, and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight., 4. prepare a grill for high heat cooking. brush the grill grate with oil. grill the skewers, turning once, until the beef is browned, 4 to 5 minutes. serve over pickled cucumber salad with lime wedges., pickled cucumber salad, 1. toast the coriander seeds in small hot pan over medium heat until fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes., 2. combine the toasted coriander with the vinegar, sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, and chile in a large shallow pan. bring to a boil over medium heat and cook 5 minutes., 3. turn off the heat and add the cucumbers and carrots let sit, covered, 20 minutes. drain the cucumber and carrot mixture.place the beef strips in a mediumsized bowl and pour the teriyaki sauce over them. add 1 tablespoon of ginger, 1 tablespoon garlic and the salt to the bowl and stir to combine. marinate, refrigerated, while you make the dipping sauce. in a small bowl, combine the remaining ginger, peanut butter and coconut milk in a small bowl and whisk together. add the sesame oil, soy sauce, brown sugar, lime juice, fish sauce, cayenne pepper and 1 teaspoon garlic to the bowl and whisk to combine. place the sauce in a serving bowl and garnish with the cilantro and chopped peanuts. to serve the satays, setup a hibachi or indoor grill on the dining table with the carrots, celery and shiso around the grill. remove the beef strips from the refrigerator and use skewers to thread the meat. have your guests grill the satays themselves over the grill, about 30 seconds to 1 minute on each side for mediumrare. serve, with the dipping sauce and veggies on the side.in a smoking hot fry pan or wok, add the vegetable oil and lemongrass and cook until fragrant, then add the garlic and chiles., now add the beef and stir fry for 2 minutes, then season with the fish sauce, soy sauce, and sugar. add the betel leaves and stir fry for a further minute., transfer the mixture to a plate and garnish with sliced chile and coriander cilantro., serve with steamed jasmine rice.in a mixing bowl, combine the beef, lemon grass, spring onions, garlic, salt and pepper. allow flavors to infuse for at least 15 minutes., meanwhile, pick the individual betel leaves and wash in cold water. lay the leaves flat on a cloth to dry., to form the rolls, lay a large betel leaf or 2 smaller leaves, shiny side down, on a board with the stem of the leaf pointing towards you. spoon approximately 1 tablespoon of the beef mixture onto the bottom edge of the leaf. work it into a sausage shape, then roll the leaf from bottom to top and place the seam flat on your bench to stop the leaf from unrolling. repeat this process until you have used all of the beef. the mixture should make about 20 rolls., cook the parcels, seam down first, on a grill or barbecue hotplate over medium heat, turning to color all over, for about 5 minutes, or until done., place the cooked parcels on a bed of vermicelli noodles, and then drizzle with a tablespoon of nuoc mam dipping fish sauce and garnish with fried red shallots, peanuts and chilli., combine the fish sauce, rice vinegar, sugar and 12 cup of water in a saucepan and place over medium heat. stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then remove from the heat and allow to cool. to serve, add the garlic and chilli, then stir in the lime juice. store tightly sealed in a jar in the fridge, for up to 5 days. yield about 1 cupin a dutch oven, heat oil to 375 degrees f., fry potatoes until golden brown, roughly 10 minutes removing with a slotted spoon or spider. hold in low oven to keep warm while cooking the fish., preheat oven to 225 degrees f., batter, in a large bowl, pour in 1 bottle of beer. sift 1 12 cups flour into the bowl, whisking in gently until just combined, stir in house seasoning. pat fish dry and season on both sides with salt and pepper and coat the fish in the beer batter. dredge the pieces of fish in 12 cup of remaining flour and slide into oil as coated. fry fish, turning over frequently, until deep golden and cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet and keep warm in oven. fry remaining fish in batches, returning oil to 375 degrees f between batches., serve fish with french fries., mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months.preheat oven to 300 degrees f., to make the batter, puree the chipotles and egg together in a blender. when well blended transfer to a bowl and whisk in the beer. in a separate mixing bowl combine the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt. add the egg mixture to the flour mixture, whisking well to prevent clumps. add freshly ground pepper. set the batter aside while preparing the other ingredients., for the fish tacos, in a small mixing bowl mix together the sour cream, 2 tablespoons of the chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice and 1 teaspoon gray salt, mix well and remove to a serving bowl., in a large pot or skillet add corn oil about 1 to 2inches deep. over medium heat, heat the corn oil to 350 degrees f., on a large serving plate arrange the tomatoes, lime wedges, chopped cilantro, and sliced radishes to garnish tacos., wrap the tortillas in aluminum foil and heat in the oven while frying the fish., with your fingers dip the fish strips into the batter and carefully place in the hot oil. fry until golden brown all over, about 2 minutes on each side. with a slotted spoon remove the fish to a paper towel. to assemble the tacos place 1 piece of the fried fish on a warm tortilla and garnish with tomatoes, chopped cilantro, radishes, and sour cream. serve with lime wedges and todds slaw., core the cabbage and shave thinly. peel the red onion, cut in half, and slice thin and mix well with the cabbage., boil the cider vinegar and sugar together whisking to dissolve sugar. when hot combine with olive oil, caraway seeds, salt and pepper. place cabbage and onions in a nonreactive baking dish and pour hot dressing over the top. place another pan of equal size on top and place a weight on top to press the slaw. refrigerate for 24 hours. before serving add chopped scallions.clean mussels by scrubbing their shells with a brush while rinsing under cold running water. if necessary, use a paring knife to tug and cut out weedy beards coming out of the bottom of the shells. pick through mussels and discard any with broken or open shells that wont close when you tap them. heat a large, dry skillet over mediumhigh heat. add mussels, shallot, garlic and tomatoes and stir to combine. cook for two minutes and then add beer and continue cooking and stirring until shells open, about another four minutes., transfer mussels to serving bowls with a slotted spoon and continue to simmer liquid to reduce it slightly, scraping up any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. remove pan from heat and swirl in butter. stir in chervil or tarragon if using. pour broth over mussels, sprinkle pretzel crumbs over each portion if using and serve immediately.to prepare the eel, chop off the head leaving it attached on 1 side and skin from head to tail. cut the fillets from both sides of the backbone and cube into 1inch pieces., in a medium pot, combine monkfish, eel, carrots, bay leaves, and a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper. add just enough water to cover and bring to a boil. boil for 10 minutes and then strain, saving about 1 cup of the cooking liquid., in a large pot over medium heat, melt the butter and add the onions and potatoes. cook for 5 minutes, until vegetables are coated in butter and beginning to soften. add the bell peppers and plantains and cook, stirring often, until all the vegetables are softened, but not cooked through. add the coconut milk, coconut cream, heavy cream, tomatoes and reserved fish stock. bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium so chowder is simmering and add fish. add dried parsley, cayenne, salt, freshly ground black pepper, and curry powder to taste. add just enough paprika for a pinkish hue. simmer until the flavors have melded, the vegetables are cooked through, and the chowder has thickened slightly, about 25 to 35 minutes. serve with hot sauce if desired in a bowl or, more decoratively, a half a melon or coconut.in a heavy bottom pan, saute the onion and garlic until cooked. add the curry powder and herbs and cook for 1 minute. add the potato and flaked cod fish to the pan and mix together. season with salt and pepper. add enough cream to make the mixture workable. on a floured surface, shape the fish cakes and fry in shallow oil on each side for 5 to 6 minutes over a medium heat.heat up the olive oil in a thick heavy bottomed pan. add all the chopped vegetables, tomato and garlic and sweat off for 5 minutes, stirring continuously. add the flour, cinnamon and herbs and continue to cook for 2 minutes. add the fish stock and bring to a boil, then crumble the fish into the pan with the rum, worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. let simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. add salt and pepper, to taste.in a small sauce pot, combine jalapeno, mango juice, vinegar, chili flakes, and fish sauce. let reduce and thicken over medium heat. remove from heat and whisk in honey. keep warm., heat oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees f. shake flour, cornstarch, blackfish seasoning, garlic powder, cumin, cardamom, ground ginger, and salt together in a plastic bag. add shrimp to bag in small batches and shake to coat with flour mixture. deepfry until golden brown., remove to paper toweling to drain and coat with glaze. use cocktail toothpicks to serve.in a wok or large saute pan, add the grapeseed oil and when almost smoking, add the onions and bell peppers. saute, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. add the green beans and mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes more., add the bok choy, garlic, soy sauce, and fish sauce and saute until just wilted. add pepper, to taste, and serve immediately.add the pork butt, pork liver, onions, green bell peppers and 1 cup of the cajun seasoning to a large stockpot and cover with water about 10 gallons. cover the pot, bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat, reduce to a simmer and cook until the meat is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 1 12 hours. drain the cooking liquid from the meat and vegetable mixture and reserve for later use. allow the meat and vegetable mixture to cool slightly, then add it to a food processor or grinder and process to a mediumcoarse consistency., add the browning sauce to the reserved cooking liquid approximately 5 gallons and stir until well blended., add the cooked rice to the ground meat and vegetable mixture and season with the remaining 1 cup cajun seasoning. fold together well until it becomes a uniform mixture. add 7 to 8 quarts 28 to 32 cups of the reserved cooking liquidbrowning sauce mixture and combine until it is well mixed and has the consistency of a hearty stew. refrigerate the mixture until firm and easy to handle, at least 4 hours or overnight., fill a castiron pot halfway with cooking oil and heat over medium heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees f., in a large bowl, add the cornmeal breading mix and flour and mix to distribute evenly. using a 2 12inch scoop, form the cooled mixture into balls and roll in the coating mix. fry in the oil, in batches, until golden and crisp, about 6 minutes. let drain on paper towels and serve warm.put the crawfish boil seasoning in 10 gallons of water in 60gallon pot and bring to a rolling boil. once boiling, add the crawfish. bring back to a full boil and boil for 2 minutes more. turn off the heat and let the crawfish soak for at least 30 minutes. take the crawfish out and start eating. dont forget to suck the headspreheat a deepfryer to 350 degrees f., in a large bowl, add the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and cayenne and whisk to combine. whisk in the beer, being sure to remove any lumps., cut the catfish fillets in half lengthwise to make 2 strips. if desired, cut into bitesized pieces. in a small bowl add the salt, pepper and granulated garlic. season the fillets with some of the salt mixture. reserve the remaining salt mixture for another use., dip each strip in the beer batter and add to the fryer, a few at a time, moving them around so they dont stick. fry until brown and crispy, about 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the fryer to a serving platter. repeat with the remaining fillets and season the fish with lemon juice.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. prepare a baking sheet with foil and spray with canola oil., in a shallow pie plate or dish, mix the flour, garlic powder, paprika and 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, stirring well to combine. add the beaten egg whites to another pie plate or dish and then add the panko to another pie plate or dish. sprinkle the fish, flour, egg whites and panko lightly with salt and pepper and seafood seasoning. begin by taking 1 piece of fish at a time and dredging first in the flour, then into the egg whites, then the panko and then place it on the prepared baking sheet. repeat with the remaining pieces of fish. spray the tops of the fish sticks with canola oil., place the baking sheet into the oven and cook the fish for 8 minutes, turning once, and continue to cook another 8 minutes. remove the fish sticks and let cool for 5 minutes. serve the fish sticks with the funked up ketchup., combine all the ingredients in a small bowl and mix well.pour vegetable oil into a medium saucepan until 1inch deep and place the pan over medium heat. let the oil heat for about 3 minutes. as the oil heats, cut each wonton wrapper into 4 equally square pieces. very carefully drop the squares into the hot oil 1 at a time, working in batches of 4 at a time. the wontons will bubble up and turn golden brown very quickly. remove them with a slotted spoon to a piece of paper towel and repeat the process until all of the wontons are fried., the wontons may be fried 1 day in advance and stored in an airtight container., pour the soy sauce into a large bowl and whisk in the ground ginger, cilantro and green onion. next, cut the tuna into 1inch square strips and place them in the marinade. set aside for 15 minutes., place a large heavy bottomed skillet over high heat for 3 minutes. spray with cooking spray and immediately place the tuna strips in the pan, searing each of the 4 sides for 30 seconds only. remove from the pan and set aside., to assemble, place a small amount of the relish on a wonton crisp. carefully slice the tuna strips into 14inch pieces. place 1 piece of tuna atop the relish and serve., wonton crisps can be made several days in advance and kept in an airtight container., place all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well. refrigerate for 30 minutes to macerate.directions, special equipment 1 roll string or fishing line 1 bat cookie cutter1.cake preheat the oven to 350f. line the bottoms of 3 9inch cake pans with parchment or waxed paper. spray the insides of the pans with nonstick cooking spray. 2.whip sugar and eggs on high in an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment for 58 minutes or until pale yellow and fluffy. 3.meanwhile, whisk the mayonnaise and cocoa in another large bowl until well blended then whisk in the water and vanilla extract. add the remaining cake ingredients and whisk until the mixture becomes very thick then finish mixing with a wooden spoon. fold in the egg mixture in 3 batches. divide the cake batter evenly among the pans. bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean. cool completely. 4.cherry layer boil cherries with 14 cup water in a medium saucepan for 1 minute. strain and reserve the liquid. transfer the cherries to a glass measure stir in the jam, brandy, almond extract and enough liquid to make 212 cups discard remaining juice. 5.to assemble trifle whip the cream, sugar and almond extract to form medium peaks. place one cake round in the bottom of a 9inch trifle dish spread 1 cup of the cherry mixture over the cake. spread about 1 cups whipped cream over cherries and scatter 12 cup of walnut pieces onto the top and around the edges. repeat for second layer. top with remaining cake round. remove cherries from remaining cherry mixture and pour liquid over cake. top with whipped cream, cherries and walnuts. to save time, you can replace the scratch cake with either a chocolate fudge cake mix or a readymade 1 lb. chocolate loaf cake. for the cake mix, prepare as directed, place into 3 9inch circular pans and bake for 15 minutes. for the readymade cake, cut into 12 slices and layer 4 slices per cake layer as outlined above. note 2 9inch and 1 8inch cake pans can also be used. bake 8inch layer about 5 minutes longer, if necessary.in a saucepan, over high heat, combine fish stock, saffron and white wine, bring to a boil. reduce to simmering and let cook for 5 minutes. set aside., in a separate saucepan, over high heat, add the butter and garlic. cook until the garlic is tender. add saffron broth and bring to a boil. add the rest of the ingredients including the mussels and cover., when the mussels open up remove the pan from the heat and let it seat for 1 to 2 minutes. serve in a bowl and garnish with a slice of fresh lemon or lime.directions, heat large pot with oil. add onion and garlic and saute over medium heat. when garlic browns, remove and discard. add cuttlefish. season with salt and pepper and cook for a few minutes. add wine. raise heat and allow wine to evaporate. squeeze black ink sac into casserole with 2 to 3 tablespoons water. cook for 20 minutes. in the meantime, cook risotto by heating oil, adding onions and saute for 3 minutes add rice to casserole and continue cooking. add stock gradually, mixing continuously until rice is cooked. add butter and mix well. add allow to set a couple of minutes before finishing with seppiolini.place alaska cod fillets in shallow glass dish. whisk together lime juice, vinegar, fish sauce, sambal, sugar and oil. pour half the mixture over fish and reserve remaining for slaw. let fish marinate 15 minutes. for slaw combine green papaya, cabbage, tomato, carrot, cilantro and mint. toss with reserved dressing until combined. for crema whisk together crema, sambal and lime juice. refrigerate until serving. preheat grill or stovetop grill pan to mediumhigh heat. remove fish from marinade and grill until barely done, 2 to 5 minutes per side, depending on thickness. cook just until fish is opaque throughout. remove fillets from grill and break into large chunks. line each tortilla with green papaya slaw. top with chunks of fish and drizzle with sambal crema. serve immediately.saute shellfish in butter. add wine, onions, shallots, and tomatoes. simmer for 3 minutes, and stir to blend while bringing to a boil. add heavy cream and tarragon. cook lobster raviolis in water at a rolling boil for 2 to 3 minutes, or until most float. strain and plate ravioli, pour seafood cream sauce over. serve hot.the fillets should be at room temperature. heat a large castiron skillet over very high heat until it is beyond the smoking stage and you see white ash in the skillet bottom, at least for 10 minutes. meanwhile, pour 2 tablespoons melted butter in each of 6 small ramekins set aside and keep warm. reserve the remaining butter. heat the serving plates in a 250degree oven. dip each fillet in the reserved melted butter so that both sides are well coated. then, mix thoroughly all the spices for blackening mixture and sprinkle the blackening spice mixture generously and evenly on both sides of the fillets. place 1 or 2 fillets in skillet and cook uncovered over very high heat until the underside becomes deep brown, almost black but not burned, about 2 minutes the time may vary according to the fillets thickness and the heat of the skillet. turn the fish over and pour 1 teaspoon of butter on top of each. cook until fish is done, about 2 minutes more. repeat with remaining fillets. serve each fillet while hot. to serve, place 1 fillet and a ramekin of butter on each plate.in a bowl, add the butter, creole spices, lemon zest and juice, salt and pepper and mix to combine. stir in the chopped chives and set aside. the butter can be made ahead and chilled bring to room temperature before using., preheat oven to 350 degrees f., preheat a large wellseasoned cast iron skillet or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. line the bottom of a 9 by 11inch baking dish with the lemon slices and dollop half of the compound butter evenly over the lemon., evenly coat both sides of each fish fillet with 1 tablespoon creole seasoning. working in batches if necessary, add the seasoned fillets to the hot skillet, and cook 2 minutes on each side to just toast and brown the seasoning. with a spatula, carefully place the seared fish on top of the buttered lemon slices in the baking dish. bake until fish easily breaks apart with a fork, 12 to 15 minutes. immediately top each hot fillet with a spoonful of compound butter transfer to heated serving plates and garnish with a few whole fresh chives crossed like an x over each fillet.coat a grill rack with oil and preheat the grill on high for 5 minutes., place the blackening seasoning in a shallow baking dish. roll the catfish in the seasoning until well coated. reduce the grill to mediumhigh, and grill the onions over direct heat until well browned and wilting, turning once, about 10 minutes. meanwhile, grill the fish over direct heat until cooked through, turning once, about 6 minutes. at the same time, place the tortillas directly on the grill for 1 minute per side. stack the tortillas and wrap them in foil or a clean towel to keep warm., arrange the fish on a plate, and flake into bitesize pieces with a fork. transfer the onions to a separate plate. place the tomatoes, avocado, sour cream, lime wedges and cilantro in separate bowls. set out with the warm tortillas and hot sauce, and invite guests to make their own tacos.heat a 12inch cast iron skillet over high heat. when the skillet is hot, add the oil. season both sides of each catfish fillet with the blackening seasoning and place in skillet. cook fillets for 5 minutes on each side.in a large pot, bring 5 14 cups of water to a boil over medium heat. add the rice, turn the heat down to low and simmer until rice has absorbed all the water and is light and fluffy, about 15 to 20 minutes. reserve 3 cups of cooked rice for another use, such as cajun dirty rice. transfer the rice to a serving bowl and set aside., in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of canola oil. add the celery, green pepper, onion, garlic, and season with salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. saute until slightly tender about 5 minutes. add the fresh lemon juice and chopped parsley and cook for another minute. reserve 1 cup of the sauteed vegetables for another use, like cajun dirty rice. transfer the vegetables to a serving bowl and set aside., while the vegetables are sauteing, heat a cast iron skillet or griddle over high heat. brush the catfish with the remaining canola oil and then sprinkle both sides with cajun seasoning. place the catfish onto into the hot pan and cook, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side., arrange the catfish on a serving platter and serve with rice and sauteed vegetables.preheat a cast iron skillet to medium high with peanut oil., mix dry ingredients together. cover both sides of catfish with the seasoning mix and place in skillet., cook on one side for 4 minutes and turn when cooked halfway through. cook for another 4 minutes on the other side. remove from pan and serve with cajun remoulade., mix all ingredients together well. cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.for the ma and pa slaw whisk together the mayonnaise, lime juice, vinegar and sugar in a large bowl. add the red and green cabbage and toss until thoroughly coated., for the blackened catfish tacos heat a medium skillet over medium heat. working in batches if necessary, add the tortillas and warm 15 seconds per side keep warm while you fry the catfish., coat one side of each piece of catfish with creole seasoning. put the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat when hot, add the catfish seasonedside down and cook until blackened, about 5 minutes. flip, and cook on the second side until an instantread thermometer reads 145 degrees f., about 5 more minutes., put 1 piece of catfish on each tortilla. top with some slaw, onions and 2 slices of the avocado. garnish each with a dollop of thousand island dressing and a few leaves of cilantro, if using. serve immediately.for the dijon sauce, saute on medium heat 14 teaspoon chopped fine shallots and 1 tablespoon butter. then add 14 cup white wine, dijon mustard and a pinch of paprika. simmer for 3 minutes., for the balsamic sauce, saute on medium heat 14 teaspoon chopped fine shallots 1 tablespoon butter. then add balsamic vinegar, veal stock and 12 teaspoon fresh rosemary chopped, if desired. bring to a boil and reduce by 12 or until it coats back of spoon., put 2 tablespoons olive oil and 3 cloves of garlic peeled into a hot saute pan and saute until brown and then add 2 pounds cleaned spinach., mix all blackened mixture ingredients together in a blender. coat salmon fillets with mixture. saute on each side 3 to 4 minutes over high flame. place in a preheated 400 degree oven 6 to12 minutes, or to your liking. serve with sauces and spinach.place the fish in a large shallow bowl and pour the milk over it. cover and chill for 30 minutes., preheat the oven to 200 degrees f. mix the flour, spice mix, and salt in a pie plate lined with a piece of parchment paper. working in batches, remove the fillets from the milk and drain off the excess. transfer to the flour mixture and, pulling up the sides of the parchment, turn to coat on both sides. flour only as many fillets as will fit in a large skillet at one time., heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet over high heat until just smoking. add the fillets and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. transfer to a heatproof plate and keep in the oven while you cook the remaining fillets. repeat the procedure with the remaining fillets, flour mix, and oil. serve with lemon wedges and tartar sauce., mix all ingredients together in a small bowl. store in an airtight container., mix all of the ingredients in a bowl. refrigerate until ready to use.for the fish drizzle each fish fillet with oil and sprinkle lightly with salt. dust both sides of each fillet with a thin, even layer of the taco seasoning., heat a large castiron pan on the hottest part of a grill or on the stove over high heat. add a thin layer of oil to the pan and heat until the oil just begins to smoke. carefully add the fish and cook, undisturbed, until blackened, about 3 minutes. gently turn the fish over with a spatula and blacken on the second side, another 3 minutes. remove the fish to a rack to cool slightly before plating., for the slaw combine the cabbage, carrots and scallion in a large bowl. season with salt and pepper and mix well. set aside., in a separate bowl, whisk together the jalapeno, mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, sugar and chili seasoning in a medium bowl. add to the cabbage mixture and mix well to combine. taste for seasoning and add more salt, pepper or sugar if desired., place a few strips of the blackened fish on a warmed soft tortilla and drizzle with charred scallion salsa. top each taco with slaw and serve with a wedge of lime., preheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. place the scallions and jalapeno on a large plate or baking pan. drizzle with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper., place the vegetables on the grill and cook until charred on all sides, about 10 minutes total., combine the cilantro, scallions and jalapeno in a blender or food processor and pulse until finely chopped. transfer to a bowl and stir in the paprika, garlic, cumin, lime juice and olive oil. season to taste with salt and pepper. store tightly covered in the refrigerator up to 10 days.dredge both sides of the swordfish in blackening spice. heat a heavy, castiron skillet over high heat until it is smoking hot., add the swordfish and cook for 3 minutes. turn over and cook for 3 minutes more. warm the crab hash in saute pan, turning to warm throughout. place warm voodoo sauce on a plate and top with sweet potato crab hash. top with swordfish. top with tomato and scallion garnish., heat the olive oil in a saute pan. add the roasted sweet potatoes, shallots, and poblano peppers and saute for 2 minutes. add voodoo sauce and worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper, to taste. add the crabmeat and gently toss until the crab is heated through., in a saucepan over low heat, reduce the cream by 13. in a separate saucepan, heat the bbq sauce. add the reduced cream. add the butter and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. whisk in the salt and pepper. keep warm until ready to serve., in a large pot, add the butter, onion, and garlic and let sweat until translucent. in a large bowl, blend together the vinegar, apricot jam, dry mustard, brown sugar, and dijon mustard until smooth. add this mixture to the garlic and onion mixture with the rest of the ingredients. bring to a simmer and cook for 1 hour.season the blackfish with salt and pepper. in a large skillet, with a lid, over medium heat, heat the olive oil and butter. add the fish and saute on each side for 3 minutes. remove the fish and keep warm., to the pan, add the garlic and cook 1 minute. add the tomatoes and cook 2 minutes. add the basil and wine and bring to the boil. reduce heat and simmer. place the fish back in the pan over the tomatoes., place clams around sides of saute pan. return to simmer and cover with the lid. cook until clams open, about 3 minutes.whisk the butter and flour in a saute pan. cook while whisking over medium to low heat for 5 minutes. reserve roux., season the halibut and salmon with salt and pepper. in a deep saucepot, sear the fish in a 3 tablespoons of butter and a 2 tablespoon of olive oil. sear and reserve leaving fish as raw as possible. season with additional salt, pepper, and cayenne., in the same pan, add the potatoes, fennel wedges, poblano, leeks, turnips, carrots, and cauliflower with 2 tablespoons butter this will help caramelize the vegetables., when caramelized, add the bay leaves, garlic, and pearl onions. cook until vegetables just begin to color. deglaze with brandy, allow to reduce until mostly dry. add white wine and reduce to almost dry. add fish stock or water. allow to simmer for 5 minutes., add cream and veal demiglace. return to moderate heat and allow to reduce slightly. whisk in a few tablespoons at a time of the roux while the liquid is simmering gently. you may find you dont need to use all of the roux., add thyme leaves. return to light boil and add clams. as they begin to open, add spinach, shallots, and lemon juice to the sauce. remove from the heat., add lemon pepper dumplings and stir gently. add halibut and salmon. ladle into bowls. flake smoked sea bass over. sprinkle with chopped parsley and drizzle with parsley oil., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., coat the potatoes with olive oil. place them on a rack on a sheet pan. roast in oven until soft to the center, about 30 minutes., allow to cool enough to handle. it is very important that they be assembled out of hot potatoes. squeeze the potato flesh out of the skins and into a food mill. mill the potatoes. weigh the potato puree and determine the amount of egg yolks and flour to be added., shape the potato puree into a large well. sprinkle the potatoes with the nutmeg and the grated parmesan. surround the well of potatoes with a larger well of flour, measured 1 cup to each pound of riced potatoes. sprinkle the salt and pepper onto the flour. add 2 yolks per pound of potatoes into the center of the well. pour the lemon oil, zest, and juice in the center of the well. using a meat fork, incorporate the eggs first into the potatoes and then into the flour, just enough to get them mostly together. then, use your hands to need the mass into a dough. use additional flour thrown on the dough and the work surface as necessary to form a soft dough., allow to rest covered with plastic for 20 minutes. knead the dough again and then shape it into a 2inch thick rectangle. using a dough cutter cut off a 1inch ribbon of dough. flour your work surface lightly and using your hands roll the dough into a round tube about 12inch in diameter. with a dough cutter, make 12inch long dumplings. gently roll the pieces on the floured surface. using a gnocchi board roll the pieces into dumplings with a dimple in the center. place dumpling on a half sheet pan covered in parchment and sprinkled with flour and cornmeal., blanch the parsley and spinach. shock in salted ice water and squeeze the water out. place the parsley spinach mix into a blender with the olive oil. blend on low for 3 to 4 minutes. place cheesecloth into china cap or finemesh sieve and pour the oil into it, to gravity strain. reserve the resulting bright green parsley oil., heat the oil to about 110 degrees f. place the lemon zest in a blender. pour the hot oil over it. run blender on slowest speed for about 1 minute. allow each to sit overnight. the next day, strain the oil through a cheesecloth.discard the feathery green tops of the fennel, core and cut the bulb into 1inch pieces. heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a 9inch skillet. add the fennel, garlic, orange rind, fennel seeds, liquor, salt and pepper. cover and simmer, over medium heat for 10 minutes., after 10 minutes add the tomatoes, recover and simmer for 10 minutes longer. remove the cover and check the liquid in the pan. if there is a good deal remaining, evaporate it until the mixture look syrupy. remove the orange rind. turn the heat off and stir in the butter. season to taste with salt and pepper cool to room temperature., season the bluefish fillets with salt and pepper, and set them, skin side down in a generously buttered bakingserving dish large enough to hold the fillets in a single layer. spoon the cooled vegetable mixture over the fish, cover with foil and store in the refrigerator for up to 12 hours., to bake and serve, remove the fish from the refrigerator 30 minutes before baking. preheat the oven to 375 degrees and bake 20 to 25 minutes covered with foil until the center no longer looks translucent but opaque. remove from oven and serve garnish with yellow bell pepper and chives.preheat oven to 440 degrees f., halve 18 of the grape tomatoes. in a baking dish pour in 14 cup olive oil. to that add banana peppers, and 12 of the tomatoes. mix to coat all with oil. sprinkle with 14 teaspoon sea salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. bake uncovered ideally in convection oven until they start to brown about 15 minutes., in a pot heat 14 cup olive oil and add 13 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 teaspoon sea salt, natural brown sugar, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 teaspoon course ground black pepper. stir over high heat. add the remaining whole tomatoes and continue to mix until the tomato skins start to peal about 4 minutes. pour entire contents of this pot into a blender. to this add cilantro, the roasted tomato mixture and chicken broth. blend until fairly smooth about 15 to 20 seconds., pour entire contents into pot, add 6 ounces of vegetable juice, bring almost to a boil and reduce to a simmer., in a medium mixing bowl beat egg until it produces a light foam and beat in the lemon juice. to this add the remaining 6 ounces vegetable juice and beat again. slowly mix in 1 cup of the hot soup. take soup off the heat and slowly mix this mixture into the soup. add 2 tablespoons heavy cream and stir over medium heat until it starts to bubble. remove from heat., in a skillet add 6 tablespoons butter, melt butter over medium heat, add 23 cup of finely chopped red onion and garlic. saute for about a minute and then add 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper and 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper. continue sauteing until the onions are soft and translucent. then add crab boil seasoning and cream sherry. turn heat up until mixture comes to a bubble then lower to medium heat and stir until it starts thickening to almost a light syrup consistency. once it has thickened add crab base and make sure it is incorporated well. then add 23 cup heavy whipping cream stir over medium to high heat until it starts to bubble. then add 1 cup of crabmeat and mix well, once it comes to a bubble again remove from heat., for each serving, add 12 cup of the tomato soup to bowl, to this add 23 cup of the crab soup, 1 tablespoon freshly grated parmesan. and 14 teaspoon of the red lump fish caviar and mix well. float a tablespoon of the crab soup in center, grate some more parmesan on top. add freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and serve, i like to garnish with blue crab claws sauteed in butter and cream sherry and or some caviar. when in season i like to use fresh crab roe.in a large pot, boil the crawfish in clean water at 215 degrees f for 5 minutes. toss the crawfish with cajun claws special seasoning or any creole seasoning before serving.fill a large stock pot half way with cold water, and bring it to a boil. add the salted codfish, and cook for 10 minutes. then add the yams, plantains, and the bananas. bring all back to a hard boil, then reduce to a gentle boil until everything is tender, about 30 to 35 minutes. hold in the water until ready to serve, peel the bananas before serving.for the pork belly combine the doenjang, peppercorns, garlic, kombu, onion and 3 quarts water in a large pot and bring to a boil. add the pork belly and return to a boil. cover and lower the heat to medium low. simmer until the pork belly is tender but not falling apart, about 1 12 hours., for the cabbage meanwhile, combine 14 cup salt and 3 cups warm water in a large bowl and mix to dissolve. submerge the cabbage in the salt water and place another heavy bowl on top to ensure the cabbage is submerged completely. let soak, flipping every 10 minutes, until the cabbage leaves are slightly tender to the touch, about 30 minutes. rinse, pat dry and set aside. this process will give the cabbage a flexible and crunchy texture with a slight briny taste., for the daikon kimchi cut the daikon in half crosswise. slice each half into 14inchthick planks, then cut each plank into matchsticksize strips. mix the daikon with 1 tablespoon salt in a small bowl and let it sit for 10 minutes. give it a toss and let it sit for an additional 10 minutes. rinse well until all the salt is washed off. pat the daikon dry with a paper towel., whisk together the gochugaru, fish sauce, mirin, garlic, sugar, ginger and scallions in a medium bowl, then toss with the daikon until well incorporated. transfer to a serving dish and set aside., for the dipping sauce ssamjang combine the doenjang, gochujang, sesame oil, garlic and sugar in a small bowl and mix well. transfer to a serving dish and set aside., for the crispy garlic heat the vegetable oil in a small pot over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. add the garlic and fry until light golden brown, about 4 minutes. remove the garlic with a slotted spoon and place on a paper towel to drain. sprinkle with a pinch of salt and let cool., when the pork belly is finished cooking, remove it from the poaching liquid and let it sit for a few minutes until slightly cooled. slice into 14inch pieces., arrange the pork belly, cabbage and lettuce neatly on a big serving platter. serve with the daikon kimchi, dipping sauce and crispy garlic. to eat, put a piece of the pork belly in the middle of a lettuce or cabbage leaf, top with the daikon, sauce and garlic chips. fold the leaf to enclose everything.make the rouille puree the mayonnaise, roasted red peppers, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic and a pinch of salt in a blender until smooth. transfer to a small bowl refrigerate until ready to serve., prepare the bouillabaisse grate the tomato flesh on the large holes of a box grater down to the skins reserve the skins separately. peel and devein the shrimp, reserving the shells and tails for the broth clean and debeard the mussels. refrigerate the seafood until ready to use., make the broth heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. add the shrimp shells and tails and cook, stirring, until bright red, about 3 minutes. stir in the tomato paste until incorporated, about 30 seconds. add the clam juice, 4 cups water, the reserved tomato skins, the orange zest and 14 cup of the sliced fennel. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium simmer until the liquid is reduced to about 4 cups, 12 to 15 minutes. strain the broth through a finemesh sieve set over a bowl, pressing on the solids to extract the liquid reserve the broth., wipe out the pot and heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. add the remaining fennel, the shallot, garlic and a pinch of salt partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fennel begins to soften, about 5 minutes. add the reserved grated tomato flesh and cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. stir in the saffron, then add the wine and simmer until the liquid is reduced by about twothirds, about 4 minutes. add the reserved broth and return to a simmer., add the mussels to the pot cover and cook 4 minutes. add any thick pieces of fish and cook, covered, 2 minutes. add the remaining fish and the shrimp and cook, covered, until the mussels open and the fish and shrimp are just cooked through, 3 to 4 more minutes. discard any mussels that do not open. season with salt and pepper., spread the baguette with the rouille and serve with the bouillabaisse. sprinkle with parsley.for the rockfish soup, prepare the fish by cutting off the gills and external hairy bits and discarding. keep the fish in salt water., put the small rock fish girolles, baby crabs, stone fish into a large saucepan of cold water on high heat. add the thyme, rosemary and bay leaves. bring slowly to a boil, then simmer for 30 minutes., for the soup, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large heavybottomed saucepan. cook the chopped onions until translucent. pour in the tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes, then add the sliced potatoes. place the pieces of john dory and the monkfish on top., strain the rock fish soup through a strainer on top of the fish and boil for 5 minutes., place the rascasse, scorpion fish, and red mullet on top. add a pinch of saffron and watch soup turn a rich yellow color. finally add the lobster halves and cook for a maximum of 5 minutes., serve the big fish on a serving plate and the soup in a casserole. serve the pieces of fish on the plate with potato slices and the croutons with rouille and pour the soup over the top. eat immediately.preheat oven to 350 degrees., wash and clean the seafood. cut seafood, snapper and monkfish into large pieces and place each type of seafood into individual baking pans., add the butter and olive oil to a large pot. add garlic, onion, carrot, leek, and celery, and sweat until vegetables are soft. deglaze the mixture with white wine and reduce the volume by half. add cold water to the pot to cover the vegetables and heat mixture. add the fish stock, chopped tomatoes, tomato paste, saffron threads, and freshly crushed black pepper to taste. simmer for 90 minutes total and skim regularly. after 45 minutes add potatoes. after 90 minutes strain sauce, return potatoes and liquid to the pot and simmer until desired consistency. correct seasoning to taste., cover each type of seafood in its individual baking pan with the sauce. bake for 10 minutes or until seafood is cooked through and the mussels have opened. discard any unopened mussels. add seafood and sauce from each pan to bowls. serve immediately.in a 6quart stock pot heat the olive oil and the carrots, fennel, leek, celery, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf, garlic, and orange peel. cook while stirring for 5 minutes. add the wine, tomato paste, fish stock, and saffron. bring to a simmer and cook for 8 minutes., begin adding the seafood first the clams cook for 1 minute and then the white fish cook for another minute. then the shrimp, mussels, calamari, scallops, and lobster tails. add the liqueur and chopped tomatoes. simmer for 8 minutes., place in large soup tureen or serve in individual dishes with garlic toast and rouille., put all ingredients except olive oil in a blender and whip at low speed until smooth. slowly add the olive oil in a steady stream, forming a mayonnaiselike emulsion. serve in a small bowl.heat the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the onion, fennel, and garlic, and saute until the vegetables just start to brown. add the white wine and reduce. add the orange zest, saffron, tomatoes, potatoes, and fish stock or clam juice. bring the mixture to a boil., continue cooking until the vegetables are tender and the liquid has reduced, about 25 minutes., adjust the heat to mediumlow and add the mussels and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. add the shrimp and clams and cook for 3 minutes more. add the halibut and cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes., before serving, the shells will have opened and the fish will be tender and flaky. garnish with parsley and top with the faux rouille, recipe follows., faux rouille, in a bowl, mix together the sour cream, mayonnaise, minced garlic, paprika, fresh lemon juice, salt, and black pepper, to taste and top each serving of bouillabaisse with a dollop of the faux rouille., bouillabaisse variations, latin bouillabaisse saute 2 bell peppers, seeded and sliced and 1 serrano chile, seeded and minced along with the other vegetables. add a handful of coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves to the broth base. garnish the bouillabaisse with lime wedges., curried bouillabaisse add 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 whole cloves, 2 12 tablespoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, and 12 stick cinnamon to the broth base. replace the fennel with thinly sliced lemongrass., chicken bouillabaisse replace the fish with 6 chicken legs that have been sauteed until golden brown. replace the clam juice with lowsodium chicken broth.place the saffron, garlic and fish into a mixing bowl. drizzle with a little olive oil and toss to coat. refrigerate for at least 1 hour., saute the onion, leek and celery in olive oil until tender. add the tomatoes, orange zest and fennel seeds and cook for about 5 minutes. add the fumet and pastis. bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. add the fish and cook until just done. season with salt and pepper., to serve, place a baguette slice in the bottom of a serving bowl and top with a spoonful of rouille and a bit of cheese. top with the fish soup. garnish with parsley., to make the rouille, using either a mortar and pestle or a food processor, puree the garlic, egg yolks and cayenne pepper until smooth. slowly drizzle in the olive oil and whisk to incorporate as you would for a mayonnaise. season, to taste, with salt., raw egg warning, food network kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of salmonella or other foodborne illness. to reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade a or aa eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.for the relish, combine all of the ingredients in a small bowl. cover and chill until needed., for the mayonnaise, combine the saffron threads and lemon juice in a small bowl and set aside to soak for 20 minutes to l hour., transfer the soaked saffron to a blender. add the mayonnaise and blend until smooth. transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. cover with plastic wrap and chill until serving time., for the patties, spread the red snapper and shrimp evenly over the bottom of a large glass baking dish. wearing kitchen gloves, or using a fork, gently mix in the egg whites, thyme, salt and pepper combine together well. mix in enough panko to bind the ingredients together and form into 6 equal patties to fit the slices of bread. cover with plastic wrap and chill until needed, at least 30 minutes., prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh., when the grill is ready, generously brush the grill rack with canola oil. lightly brush both sides of each slice of bread with olive oil. place the bread slices on the outer edges of the grill rack to toast lightly, turning once with tongs set aside. place the patties on the, middle of the grill rack, cover, and cook for 3 12 to 4 minutes, turning once with a large spatula, until the patties are just cooked through do not overcook., to assemble the burgers, spread about l tablespoon of the mayonnaise evenly over 1 side of each toast. place a patty on 6 of the mayonnaisecoated toasts. using a slotted spoon, evenly top each patty with the tomatofennel relish. add the toast tops, mayonnaise side down.directions, wash the fish bones well in cold, clean water to remove impurities. split the lobster shells and clean by removing the light green tomalley liver in the body cavity and the feathery gills at the head section. save the peeling from fresh cooked or raw shrimp. discard the digestive tract, but save the heads if any. in a large stock pot heat olive oil and fish bones, lobster shells and shrimp shells. cook over medium heat for 20 minutes to give broth a rich flavor. meanwhile, put the vegetables in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse to finely chop. add the vegetables to the stock pot and saute them along with the fish bones for 15 minutes to sweat and caramelize the vegetables. add the tomato, saffron and other herbs and seasonings and continue to saute for 10 minutes. stir to ensure that nothing burns or sticks to the bottom of the pan. add the white wine and reduce by half. add the fish stock and water and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer, and cook 1 12 hours. skim a foamy particles that rise to the surface during cooking. drain through cheesecloth lined sieve and cool in an ice bath.directions, wash the fish bones well in cold, clean water to remove impurities. split the lobster shells and clean by removing the light green tomalley liver in the body cavity and the feathery gills at the head section. save the peeling from fresh cooked or raw shrimp. discard the digestive tract, but save the heads if any. in a large stock pot heat olive oil and fish bones, lobster shells and shrimp shells. cook over medium heat for 20 minutes to give broth a rich flavor. meanwhile, put the vegetables in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse to finely chop. add the vegetables to the stock pot and saute them along with the fish bones for 15 minutes to sweat and caramelize the vegetables. add the tomato, saffron and other herbs and seasonings and continue to saute for 10 minutes. stir to ensure that nothing burns or sticks to the bottom of the pan. add the white wine and reduce by half. add the fish stock and water and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer, and cook 1 12 hours. skim a foamy particles that rise to the surface during cooking. drain through cheesecloth lined sieve and cool in an ice bath.combine the olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, saffron and basil in a large dish or bowl. add the pieces of fish and shellfish to the oil and combine well so that all the fish and shellfish are equally coated with the marinade mixture. refrigerate the fish and allow to marinate over night or for several hours., preheat the oven to 300 degrees f. put the fish broth into a large soup pot or casserole that is stovetop safe, bring the stock to a boil, and reduce to a simmer. gently simmer the broth for 15 minutes. meanwhile, make croutons and rouille brush one side of each french bread slice with olive oil, sprinkle with cracked pepper, and toast in oven about 12 minutes or until crisp. for the rouille combine the cayenne pepper, garlic, sliced potato and hot broth in a saucepan and cook for 17 minutes or until the potato is cooked and soft. transfer the mixture to a blender and, while pureeing, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. transfer this to a serving bowl and serve along side the croutons. add the clams and mussels into the broth. cook for 10 minutes, or until the clams begin to open. season the lobster, shrimp and fish with salt and pepper and add to broth. allow the fish to cook for 6 to 8 minutes after the broth has returned to a simmer. do not boil the fish. serve hot.for the stock, add all ingredients into a large stockpot and bring to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. strain, reserving the stock, and cool in an ice water bath. whatever is not used that day should be refrigerated for up to 1 week, or frozen for up to 3 months., for the bouillabaisse, in another large, wide and shallow pan, over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. when the oil is hot, add the onion and fennel, cook for 2 minutes. deglaze with the pernod, and add the tomatoes, fish stock, seaweed, hot italian peppers, crushed red pepper and season with salt and pepper. add the lobster meat and cook for 3 minutes, covering the pot with aluminum foil or lid. then add the rest of the seafood and cook, covered for about 6 minutes until the clams and mussels have opened., for the rouille, in a food processor, combine the roasted red pepper, garlic, bread, egg yolk, dijon, lemon juice and salt and pepper. while the food processor is still on, slowly drizzle in the olive oil., serve the bouillabaisse in bowls with the toasted bread and rouille on the side.cut the cleaned fish fillets into medium sized pieces. in a large nonreactive bowl, whisk together the marinade ingredients. add the pieces of fish and whole shrimp so that all the seafood is coated with the mixture. cover and refrigerate for 1 hour., for the stockfumet in a large stockpot over lowmedium flame, heat the oil and butter. saute the leek, onion, garlic, and fennel for 5 minutes until tender. deglaze with pernod, cooking for 5 minutes to allow the alcohol to evaporate. place the bouquet garni in the stockpot tied to the handle for easy removal. add the cold water, wine, canned tomatoes and fish parts. season with saffron and pepper. simmer gently for 10 minutes, stirring to mingle flavors. allow the stock to slowly simmer. skim and discard the fish foam that rises to the surface. do not boil if the stock boils, these impurities will be incorporated into the liquid. simmer for 15 minutes, turn off heat and let steep for 15 minutes. pass the fumet through a strainer lined with cheesecloth., for the broth heat the olive oil in a stockpot over medium heat. saute the onion, garlic, parsley and orange zest. add the clams, mussels, pernod and wine. steam open, about 2 minutes. stir in fennel, leek, tomatoes, bay leaf and fumet. season with saffron, salt and pepper, add the fish pieces to the broth. simmer for 3 minutes until the fish is opaque. add tomato paste and adjust seasonings., for the rouille broil the tomato and bell pepper, turning to blacken all sides. place the roasted pepper in a paper bag, close it, and let it sweat for 5 minutes so it is easier to peel the skin. remove from bag, peel the skin and discard the seeds and stem. peel and cut the tomato, squeeze out the seeds. in a food processor, puree the potato, roasted pepper, tomato, mayonnaise, fumet, garlic, saffron and cayenne. season with sea salt and pepper. cover and refrigerate until needed., for the croutons preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. lightly brush the baguette slices with olive oil and bake on a cookie sheet until crisp. set aside., ladle the soup into individual serving bowls. spoon the rouille over the croutons and place in bowl. garnish with parsley and basil.set a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, and heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until shimmering. add the fennel and onions, and cook, until the vegetables are softened, about 3 minutes. stir in the garlic and saffron, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. deglaze with the white wine and licorice liqueur, scraping up any browned bits. reduce the liquid until its almost completely evaporated. then add the tomatoes, fish stock, thyme and bay leaf. add the potatoes, bring to a boil and cook until just tender, about 10 minutes. add the clams and mussels and simmer for another 3 minutes to give them a head start. add the shrimp, simmering until the shellfish open, a final 2 minutes. discard any unopened shellfish., bring a large nonstick saute pan to mediumhigh heat and add the remaining oil. pat the halibut fillets dry with a paper towel and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. once the oil begins to smoke lightly, sear the halibut. cook until the bottom is golden and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes on the first side. flip and finish cooking for 1 to 2 minutes on the second side. remove the fish from pan, keep warm and set aside., to serve, place each halibut fillet in the bottom of a shallow serving bowl. arrange a few potatoes, shrimp, clams and mussels around the fish in each bowl. ladle broth into the bowls. garnish with parsley, scallions, a few fennel fronds and lemon wedges. serve immediately with garlicky rouille., peel the potatoes and rough chop. place the potato, red pepper and garlic into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until just coarsely chopped. add the mayonnaise, lemon juice and sweet paprika. process until smooth and creamy. season with cayenne and salt to taste. cover and place in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes to chill and allow the flavors to come together.combine the first 10 ingredients in a small sauce pan. stir mixture and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. reduce heat to low, and simmer for 5 minutes. remove crushed garlic cloves with a slotted spoon. in a small dish, combine remaining 14 cup of water with the cornstarch and stir until cornstarch is dissolved. add cornstarch mixture to the bourbon peppercorn glaze while whisking. continue to stir and bring mixture back to a boil or until thickened. remove from heat, and serve immediately on your favorite steak. bourbon peppercorn sauce can be kept refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 5 days. just reheat to serveboil the potatoes, peel and cut in wedges. cut off both ends of zucchini and yellow squash, cut lengthwise in 4 equal parts. remove most of the seeds by cutting the angle. slice into 14inch pieces. blanch quickly in water and salt. trim the fennel, cut in 2 lengthwise, sweat in olive oil, add lemon juice and fumet. season with salt and pepper and braise for 5 minutes, covered. add cherry tomatoes. keep very al dente., brush a braising pan with butter. place in it everything except half of the lemon juice and garnishes. season the fish on both sides and add the fumet. place the braising pan on a low flame until the liquid slightly simmers. then place in a preheated 300degree oven for 7 minutes. when cooked, place the fish with most of the vegetables into bowl, return the braising pan to the flame and finish with black olives lemon olive oil and lemon juice if necessary. finish the dish by pouring the broth on the fish and garnish with chopped chives and chervil, serve immediately.bone ducks and remove the skin. you can ask a butcher to do this, reserving the carcass for stock making and skin for rendering. cut breasts in half, then into about 3 pieces across the width. chop legs and thighs into about 4 pieces each. remember you want to start with generous pieces of meat, since they will shrink when cooked. dont worry about cleaning the tendons, since they will soften with long cooking. sprinkle meat with salt and pepper., heat rendered fat in a large, heavy bottomed dutch oven over high heat. brown duck on all sides, then transfer meat to a platter. reduce heat to medium low and cook shallots until well browned, about 15 minutes. add garlic and ginger, increase heat to medium high and cook about a minute, then add curry paste. cook, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes. return duck meat to pot along with brown duck stock and cook at a slow simmer, uncovered, until meat is tender, about 40 minutes., with a slotted spoon, transfer meat to a platter and reserve in a warm place. puree sauce in a blender and strain back into pot. cook over high heat until liquid is reduced by one third. stir in fish sauce, coconut milk, sugar, and lime juice, and remove from heat. stir duck back into warm sauce. ladle stew over jasmine rice. garnish with remaining ingredients and serve immediately.heat the butter in a skillet just wide enough to hold the fish. when hot add the vegetables and saute for a minute or so just to get them sizzling. add the wine, cover and cook over very low heat until wilted, about 10 minutes., set halibut over the vegetables, season with salt and pepper and add stock or broth just to cover. simmer, covered, over low heat, until fish is just done, about 10 minutes., with a slotted spatula, remove haibut from the liquid and divide into two portions. set each portion in the bottom of a deep soup plate and garnish with carrot threads or snow peas season the broth and spoon it over the top garnish with black sesame seeds if you wish.cut each fennel bulb into 4 slices. place the fennel bulbs in a large pan over medium heat. add the salt, sugar, saffron, grapefruit juice and orange juice to the pan. cover with baking parchment paper and bring to a simmer. braise the fennel until soft. remove 2 of the fennel slices and the cooking juices from the pan. place into a blender and blend into a puree. the remaining 2 fennel bulbs will be used in the presentation of the dish., place a pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. while the oil is heating, sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. once the oil in the pan is hot, sear the fish skinside down for 2 minutes before flipping over and cooking an additional 2 minutes., place a spoonful of the fennel puree on a plate and smooth it onto the plate in a circular motion, creating a bed of fennel puree. on top of the puree, add the braised fennel pieces. place the seared fish on top of the braised fennel and serve.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., season pike liberally with salt and pepper. melt butter in pan and sear both sides of fish. remove from pan and set aside., add mushrooms, scallions, pepper, and paprika and cook over low heat. add flour and make a roux. whisk in stock by thirds and bring to a simmer. whisk in sour cream and check seasoning., place fish back into the pan, cover, and roast in the oven 30 minutes or until fish is flaky.salt the chicken thighs on all sides and let rest for 15 minutes at room temperature. pat them dry, then sear in some oil in a dutch oven over mediumhigh heat skinside down until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. repeat on the other side. add broth, gochujang, soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, 2 tablespoons mirin and half the ginger. mix well. reduce heat to low and cover the pot, leaving a small crack for steam to exit. braise for 30 minutes., meanwhile, pulse the scallions, the remaining ginger and 12 tablespoon sesame oil in a food processor. season to taste. set aside., whisk miso, egg, remaining 2 tablespoons mirin and 1 tablespoon sesame oil together in a shallow bowl. spread panko on a sheet tray. slice eggplants lengthwise into 14inch planks. dredge eggplants in miso batter, then panko. arrange on another sheet tray. continue this process until all the eggplant is done., heat frying oil to 350 degrees f in a deep fryer or dutch oven. fry eggplant until the panko is golden brown and the eggplant is cooked through. layer eggplant, tofu, then gingerscallion sauce in a casserole dish. repeat until eggplant is done., remove the chicken from the pot. julienne the napa cabbage and add to the pot. cook the cabbage on mediumhigh heat until wilted and sauce is reduced, about 5 minutes., slice the eggplant terrine and place on plate. spoon vegetables on plate, then add chicken on top. spoon extra sauce and vegetables over the chicken and serve.1. heat butter a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. when the butter melts and starts to get brown, add the pecans, cumin and coriander. stir the pecans and toast them with the spices for a minute. remove the pecans from the pan and set aside. add the maple syrup and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes remove from heat and set aside., 2. place the parsnips in a large skillet and cover with water. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook the parsnips 15 to 20 minutes or until the parsnips are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. note i often find recipes dont give me enough liquid to work with. parsnips can vary in size so feel free to add a splash of water to finish the cooking process, if needed. drain off any remaining liquid. sprinkle the parsnips with salt and toss with reserved maple syrup mixture and seasoned pecans. serve immediately.gently place the eggs in a pot and just cover with water. bring to a gentle simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until softboiled, about 5 minutes about 2 minutes for quail eggs. rinse under cold water and allow to cool completely. carefully shell the eggs intact. make a caramel by combining the sugar and 14 cup water in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat. when the sugar is melted and turns a rich gold, about 8 minutes, remove the pot from the heat and stir in the coconut juice and fish sauce or 3 cups water and the soy sauce. reduce the heat to low and stir until the sauce is completely smooth. add the pork shanks, turning them to coat evenly on all sides. add the scallions, ginger, garlic, chilies, star anise, and fivespice powder, and simmer, covered, turning shanks occasionally, until the meat is fork tender, about 4 hours. with a ladle, skim off the fat and add the eggs. continue simmering, ladling sauce over the eggs occasionally, until the eggs turn golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes.for the gnocchi, mix ricotta and egg together. sift flour and salt, and then fold into the ricotta mixture. add chives. rest the dough for couple of hours and shape them as required. cook them in salted water until they float., for the butternut puree, preheat oven to 350 degrees f., roast the diced butternut squash slightly in a pan, cover with aluminum foil and leave it in the oven for 7 to 8 minutes. when soft, strain excess water, add cinnamon honey and blend into a puree, pass it through the fine strainer and season with salt, for salad, mix together with vinaigrette and top up the plated fish., for the fish, season rock fish with salt and pepper. put oil in a preheated pan sear the side of the fish that will be presented first. when golden brown in color turn to the other side and add stock, butter and braise until the fish is cooked, sprinkle with lemon juice and baste the fish with the emulsion. in another pan sear cooked gnocchi on both sides. add cleaned chanterelles, season and coat with the foaming butter., serve with butternut squash and salad.heat the olive oil in a 7to8quart enameled castiron dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. season the fish with salt, then cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. transfer to a plate. add the onion, garlic, fennel, chile pepper and carrot to the pot reduce the heat to medium and sweat the vegetables, about 2 minutes. add the chorizo and cook until browned, about 2 more minutes. add the sherry and bring to a simmer, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon., crush the tomatoes with your hands and add to the pot with their juices. add the saffron, chicken stock and clams and bring to a simmer. cover and cook until the clams just begin to open, about 3 minutes. add the swordfish to the pot and simmer, covered, until the swordfish is cooked through and the clams open, about 7 more minutes. discard any clams that do not open. stir in the olives, parsley and basil. serve with grilled bread.cut the codfish into 1inch pieces. drizzle 2 tablespoons of oil over codfish. season with salt, pepper, thyme, and tarragon. cover, place in refrigerator, and marinate for 1 hour., preheat oven to 400 degrees f., remove herbs from the codfish. warm a skillet with a little olive oil and add the codfish. next, add the shallots and cook until tender. place the cooked codfish in the bowl of a food processor and using short pulses, mix lightly. add the cooked potatoes and pulse lightly. add the remaining olive oil and pulse lightly. adjust the seasoning with salt, pepper, minced garlic, and cayenne pepper., place the baguette slices on a cookie sheet and brush them with olive oil mixed with a touch of minced garlic. bake them until light golden brown., stir all ingredients together.for the caraway pickled cauliflower cut the florets into 14inchthick slices. its alright if the pieces break apart. combine the vinegar, sugar, caraway seeds, 13 cup water and 14 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan. bring to a boil, whisking until the sugar dissolves. remove from the heat, add the cauliflower and carrot and stir. allow to cool to room temperature. transfer to a small bowl, cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day., for the garlic fish sauce whisk together the fish sauce, lemon juice, vinegar, sugar, garlic, jalapeno and 2 teaspoons water in a small bowl. cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., for the fried pork cutlets lightly sprinkle the cutlets on both sides with salt and pepper. place the flour, egg and breadcrumbs in three separate shallow bowls. dredge each cutlet in the flour, dusting off any excess. then dip in the egg and, finally, coat with the breadcrumbs. heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. once the oil shimmers, fry two cutlets until browned, crispy and cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. drain on paper towels. add the remaining tablespoon oil to the pan and repeat with the remaining cutlets., for the sandwiches trim and discard the bread heels from the baguettes. halve each so you have a total of four 6inch pieces. split each piece lengthwise about 34 of the way and press it open like a book. generously spread the top halves with mayonnaise and the bottom halves with mustard and liverwurst. arrange the baguettes on a baking sheet and bake until warm, 3 to 4 minutes., top the bottom half of each baguette with a pork cutlet halve the cutlets for fit, if necessary and some of the cucumber, onion, carawaypickled cauliflower, watercress and cilantro. top each with a drizzle of garlic fish sauce and a squirt of sriracha and serve.put the potatoes in a pot and cover with the clam juice. bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. remove the potatoes with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl. to the cooking liquid, add the onion and bay leaf bring to a simmer for 3 minutes. while the potatoes are still hot, mash with a hand masher and set aside. add the cod to the simmering broth and cook until the fish is opaque, about 3 minutes. remove the fish with a slotted spoon and add to the mashed potatoes., add the eggs, cilantro, hot sauce, and salt to the fish and potato mixture. mix until well combined. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until completely cooled and firm, at least 4 hours or preferably overnight., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. coat a baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. spread the bread crumbs on a plate., using an ice cream scoop, roll the chilled fish and potato mixture into 2inch balls. then roll each ball in bread crumbs to coat completely. put the codfish balls on the prepared pan and spray the tops lightly with nonstick cooking spray, this will make them really crispy. bake until the codfish balls are nicely browned, 20 to 25 minutes. put the codfish balls on a platter and garnish with cilantro.bring soup and catsup to a boil in a large dutch oven over open fire. fry salt pork and saute onions until tender in skillet and add to the soup mixture. add all other ingredients except fish. if too thick, add 1 cup water. boil five minutes. drop in fish, and cook about 5 more minutes.cut the fillets into bitesize pieces. cut the shrimp in half lengthwise. place in a shallow, nonreactive bowl and set aside., combine the tomatoes, onion, cilantro, garlic, chile, lime juice, oil, salt and pepper in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. process until smooth. pour over fish and allow to marinate for 1 hour., place marinated fish in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. add the bell peppers and fish stock. bring to a boil. lower heat and simmer for about 10 minutes or until fish is cooked through. serve immediately with rice, if desired.for the garlic oil and confit puree place the garlic and oil in a small heavybottomed saucepot. place over mediumhigh heat and bring it up to a simmer, stirring occasionally. reduce the heat to low and poach slowly until garlic cloves are very soft, about 1 hour., strain the garlic out of the oil, reserving the garlic and oil separately., place the strained garlic into a food processor and puree until silky smooth, about 1 minute. for a richer, smoother puree, add some garlic oil back in and process to emulsify. adjust seasoning to taste., for the soup base preheat a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. add the onions and 12 cup of the reserved garlic oil and sweat, stirring frequently, until translucent, about 2 minutes. add the fennel and cook, 1 minute more. add the garlic, red and yellow peppers, bay leaves and saffron, stirring. cover and cook for 2 minutes. remove the cover and add the diced tomatoes and additional stock if using if you desire a lighter soup. bring back to a boil, turn the heat down to mediumlow and simmer, stirring occasionally, 10 to 15 minutes, then season to taste., for the bouillabaisse bring the soup base to a boil, then stir in 3 tablespoons of the reserved garlic confit puree and add the clams. cover and cook until the first clamshell opens, 20 to 30 seconds. add mussels, then stir the pot, cover and cook 20 more seconds., when the soup is boiling again and more shellfish are beginning to open, add the remaining cubed fin fish. stir, cover and cook for 30 seconds, then turn off the heat and let sit for about a minute with out opening the lid., adjust the seasoning and warm some soup bowls. divide the fish evenly among the bowls, then pour over the remaining liquid. finish with a 1 tablespoon of the garlic confit puree and sprinkle with the freshly chopped parsley. this is great with crusty bread.separate broccoli into long stalks with florets and peel off any tough skin. in a large pot of vigorously boiling salted water blanch broccoli 4 minutes. drain and immediately plunge into ice water to refresh., in a wok heat oil to smoking point. add broccoli and stirfry garlic and ginger 2 minutes, until aromatic. add broccoli, soy sauce, fish sauce, vinegar, chicken stock, sugar and msg and toss to mix well. remove from heat. using a slotted spoon, transfer broccoli to a bowl. to liquid in wok, add sesame oil. adjust seasoning to taste you may not need to add much salt and pour liquid over broccoli. marinate at least 3 hours before serving. serve at room temperature.preheat broiler and oil a shallow baking pan large enough to hold fillets in 1 layer., smash garlic with salt and in a small bowl stir together with mayonnaise, lemon juice, and pepper, to taste. arrange fillets in pan and spread mayonnaise evenly over tops. broil fillets 3 inches from heat until just cooked through, about 7 minutes.make the compote. heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onion, garlic, jalapeno, and celery, season with pepper, and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant, about 4 minutes. add the tomatoes, olives, and capers and cook, stirring, until hot, about 2 minutes more., remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and parsley. set aside covered with foil to keep warm., place a rack 5 inches from the broiler element and preheat., prepare the fish. using a sharp knife, slash the bluefish skin to form crosshatch marks. transfer the fillets to a foillined baking sheet and brush all over with the oil. season with salt and generously with pepper. broil the fish skinside down, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. if the skin comes loose during cooking, you may remove and discard it., using a metal spatula, transfer the fillets to 4 warmed plates and top with the compote. serve immediately.directions, preheat the broiler., to make the jalapenosmoked corn butter in a food processor, add the softened butter, jalepenos, smoked corn, salt, vinegar, hot red pepper sauce, and white pepper. process until fully blended. turn the machine off occasionally and scrape the sides of the processor bowl with a rubber spatula to insure that the ingredients are fully blended. transfer the corn butter to a small bowl and refrigerate., season each fish fillet on both sides with the seafood seasoning. season lightly and evenly. place the fish fillets on a shallow baking pan and drizzle the top of each fillet with about 1 tablespoon of clarified butter. add the seafood stock or water to the pan. use just enough liquid to cover the bottom of the pan. place the fish under the broiler and cook until done, 6 to 8 minutes. while the fish is cooking, make the sauce., heat 2 more tablespoons of the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the shrimp and cook, stirring constantly, just until the outside of the shrimp turns pink, 1 to 2 minutes. add the shallots and cook, stirring constantly, for 20 to 30 seconds. remove the skillet from the stove and carefully add the wine. return the skillet to the stove and bring the mixture to a boil. reduce heat to low. add the smoked corn butter in small spoonfuls and cook, shaking the skillet constantly, just until the butter melts into the sauce. remove from heat. to serve, place 1 fish fillet on each plate. top each fillet with 3 shrimp and about 14 cup of sauce. serve immediately.preheat oven to broil. remove lobster head and rinse well. remove claws, and legs. remove meat from claws and cut up roughly. break up lobster shell. split lobster tail down the center, careful not to cut all the way through., in a large casserole dish or roasting pan, add 3 tablespoons clarified butter, the onion, scallion, garlic, and carrot. saute over medium heat for a few minutes. add parsley stalks, bay leaf, and thyme. add the lobster head, claws, and legs. saute until the shells turn bright red., add the brandy and flambe. douse the flames with the wine and fish stock. add tomatoes. season with salt and pepper, and bring the sauce to a simmer. simmer for 20 minutes., meanwhile, brush a broiler rack with rest of clarified butter. place lobster tail on rack, cut side down. broil for 8 minutes. turn, drizzle cut side with a little clarified butter and cook another 6 minutes. remove the flesh from the shell and cut into chunks. keep warm on a heated serving dish., pass the sauce through a sieve into a small, clean pan. add curry powder. whisk together egg yolks and cream. whisk into sauce, stirring quickly to avoid curdling. pour sauce over lobster pieces to serve.well in advance of cooking the fish, prepare the sage butter by placing all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. pulse to combine well. using a rubber spatula, heap the mixture onto a sheet of waxed paper and roll to form a sausage shape. twist the ends to enclose the butter. set on a plate and refrigerate at least 1 hour to harden enough so that it can be sliced. when the butter is firm enough to slice, remove the paper wrapping and cut it into 14inch rounds, which will be used at the final moment of cooking to season the fish. keep refrigerated until ready to use. meanwhile, prepare the stuffing combining the breadcrumbs, pine nuts, jalapenos, garlic, chili powder and salt and pepper in a bowl. drizzle the 2 tablespoons vegetable oil into this mixture and blend together lightly with a fork., preheat the broiler. brush both sides of the trout with vegetable oil. season with salt and pepper and broil skinside up to crisp the skin, a maximum of 2 to 3 minutes. remove the fish from the broiler. place the fish, skinside down, in a roasting pan that has been lightly rubbed with vegetable oil. sprinkle the stuffing mixture over the fish. place the fish in a 375degree oven 6 to 7 minutes to finish cooking. when the fish have nearly finished baking, crumble several pieces of the reserved sage butter on each fillet so that, in the last moment of cooking, the butter will melt, seasoning the fish.preheat the broiler. place the butter in a small bowl and stir in the garlic, shallots, parsley, lemon juice and salt. cut the shrimp in half lengthwise, leaving them attached at the tail. spread the shrimp open and arrange them in a shallow, oval flameproof casserole. top the shrimp with generous dabs of the butter mixture and pour fumet or water into the dish. broil the shrimp until they are cooked through, about 4 minutes. arrange the shrimp in a line across 4 plates, so that the tail of each shrimp fits inside the shrimp in front of it. whisk the liquid in the casserole dish and pour it over the shrimp. serve immediately., remove the gills and eyes from the fish or have your fish store do it. cut the heads and bones across into 4inch pieces. put them in a shallow pan and cover with cold water. let stand for 1 hour, changing the water twice. drain. heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. add the onion, fennel, leek, peppercorns, salt, parsley and bay leaf. turn the heat to mediumlow and cook until the vegetables are softened but not browned, about 4 minutes. add the fish bones and cook, stirring from time to time, until the bones and any flesh around the bones turn from translucent to white, about 12 minutes. add the wine and water and bring to a boil. boil for 10 minutes, skimming off the foam as it rises to the top. remove from the heat and let rest for 10 minutes. strain the fumet through a finemesh sieve, pressing firmly on the solids to extract as much of the flavorful liquid as possible. if you have more than 3 cups of fumet, place the liquid in a clean saucepan and boil until reduced to 3 cups. store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to 2 months.position an oven rack about 2inches from the heat source and preheat the broiler., heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat. add the mushrooms, bell pepper, shallot, 12 teaspoon salt, and a few grinds of pepper. cook, covered, until the mushrooms release their liquid, about 4 minutes. uncover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are pale golden, about 5 minutes more. add the wine and boil until reduced to a glaze, about 8 minutes. add the broth and fish sauce and boil until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. stir together the cream and cornstarch, and stir into the sauce. simmer until thickened, about 1 minute. stir in the hot sauce., arrange the lemon slices, if using, on a rimmed baking sheet and broil until charred in spots. remove to a plate., melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. put the trout skinside up the baking sheet and spoon the butter over the top. sprinkle with salt and pepper and broil until just cooked through, about 2 minutes., transfer the trout to serving plates. spoon the sauce over the top and sprinkle with cilantro and bell pepper if using. serve with broiled lemon slices and more hot sauce for drizzling.combine the seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl. season each side of each fillet evenly with 12 teaspoon of the seasoning mix. place the vegetable oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over high heat just until the oil just begins to smoke, about 3 to 4 minutes. place the fillets in the pan, drizzle with butter, and cook, turning once, until they are just cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. the fillets are done when they flake easily.for the crepe batter whisk together the egg and cream in a small bowl and set aside., for the seasoned flour whisk together the allpurpose flour, granulated garlic, white pepper, black pepper and ranch dressing mix in a shallow bowl and set aside., for the bronzing flour whisk together the blackfish seasoning, sugar and yellow flour in a shallow bowl and set aside., for the snapper dredge the fish through the crepe batter and then place immediately into the seasoned flour and cover generously on all sides. set aside or in the fridge while the cream sauce is prepared., for the lime chipotle cream sauce make a roux melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a skillet or saute pan over medium heat. add the allpurpose flour and cook, stirring with a whisk constantly until the consistency of batter and there are no lumps, about 5 minutes. let the mixture reach a simmer. stir occasionally until the roux is brown and smooth, up to 20 minutes. remove from the heat and set aside., melt the remaining tablespoon of butter in a saucepan over medium heat. add the shallots and garlic and cook until translucent. add the wine and bring to a boil. stir in the chipotles, adobo sauce and lime juice. reduce the heat to mediumlow. add the cream, chicken base and hot sauce and simmer until reduced by onethird. thicken with the roux a little bit at a time, making sure to whisk it in so it doesnt clump, until desired consistency is reached. finish with salt and pepper., to finish the snapper heat a saute pan on medium heat. lightly dust the snapper filet with the bronzing flour. add 1 tablespoon of butter to the hot pan. cook the filet until crispy golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per each side. finish with some lime chipotle cream sauce and the diced green onions. reserve the remaining lime chipotle sauce for another use.directions, rinse the soaked black beans. cover with water, bring to a boil, and simmer until tender. bring the stock to the boil and simmer with the ginger. steam the seafood in a steamer over simmering stock if you dont have a steamer, place the seafood into a foil envelope, add a swig of water or white wine, and bake in the oven at its highest temperature for 5 to 10 minutes or until the clams open up., while your seafood is steaming, cook the noodles in boiling salted water until tender and drain. divide the noodles between 4 deep broth bowls and scatter with the seafood, beans, herbs and chili. check the seasoning of the broth and serve it from a teapot at the table. finish with a squeeze of lime juice.season the tilefish on both sides with salt and pepper. in a large saute pan over high heat, brown the fish on both sides in vegetable oil and then remove the fish from pan. in the same pan, saute the onions until they start to caramelize, then add scallions, tomatoes, garlic, scotch bonnet pepper and thyme. saute for 4 to 6 minutes then add soy sauce and ketchup and stir to combine. layer fish over onion mixture and then add just enough water to come half way up fish steaks. season with salt and pepper to taste. cover pan and simmer for 6 to 10 minutes or until fish is cooked through. spoon sauce over fish.heat a deepfryer to 350 degrees f., deepfry the whole snapper until lightly brown, approximately 4 minutes., saute the onion, pepper, thyme, 12 cup water and 14 cup of oil in a large saute pan, for about 2 minutes. add fish sauce and the fried fish. simmer for 5 minutes, then add the tomato, and let simmer for 1 minute. season with salt and pepper, to taste, and place on a serving platter.for the brine in a medium saucepan, bring 1 quart water to a boil. add the salt, ginger, peppercorns and star anise, if using. turn the heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. pour into a large container with 1 quart orange juice and 2 quarts water and stir well. add the turkey legs and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight no more than 18 hours., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. line a baking sheet with foil. remove the turkey legs from the brine and place on the prepared baking sheet. mix together the remaining cup orange juice and 1 cup water and pour into the pan. cover tightly with aluminum foil, and bake for 40 minutes., for the glaze meanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the brown sugar with 1 cup water, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until the sugar begins to melt. reduce the heat to low and continue to cook until the caramel begins to bubble, about 4 minutes., remove the pan from the heat and carefully pour in the soy sauce 14 cup at a time the caramel will bubble and steam, so keep it at an arms distance and allow it to calm down between additions. stir in the fish sauce, scallion whites, garlic and jalapenos. return to medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce comes to a simmer. remove the foil from the turkey legs. baste the turkey legs with half of the caramel sauce, flipping the legs over to coat both sides, and bake for another 20 minutes. repeat the process with the remainder of the sauce, and continue to cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the leg registers 165 degrees f, about 15 more minutes. remove to a serving dish and cover with foil, then allow to rest for at least 15 minutes before serving. garnish with the scallion greens.make the vinaigrette in a small saute pan, warm the vinegar, sesame oil and sugar over medium heat. when it begins to simmer lightly, 12 minutes, whisk in the olive oil and transfer to a large bowl., make the slaw toss the brussels sprouts thoroughly in the vinaigrette with a pinch of salt. stir in the purple cabbage and half of the almonds. taste for seasoning. transfer to a serving platter and top with remaining almonds and raspberries., shopping tip if you want this to be even richer, stir in a few spoonfuls of mayonnaise and use this as a slawsauce hybrid for fish tacos or classic cold cutfilled sandwichesfor the sauce put the gochugaru, soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, mirin, sesame oil, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper in a medium bowl. whisk to combine, cover with plastic wrap and set aside., for the broth put the dried anchovies, garlic, daikon, kombu, onion and 2 quarts water in a medium saucepan. bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 25 minutes. strain into a bowl or saucepan and discard the solids., for the toppings arrange the spam, cocktail sausages, bacon, tofu, tteok, pork and beans, kimchi and sliced onion in a large, lowsided skillet. add the sauce to the middle of the pot dont stir. heat on high heat for 5 minutes. add enough broth to cover all the ingredients you may not use all the broth, bring to a boil and boil on high heat for 5 minutes. mix the sauce gently into the broth so it is well incorporated. lower to medium heat and add the remaining broth. simmer for 10 more minutes, then add the ramen and cook until the noodles are just tender, 4 to 5 minutes. remove from heat and top with mozzarella, scallions and watercress. serve with steamed rice.steam or boil the fish 7 to 8 minutes. remove the fish and let cool 3 minutes, then very carefully peel and discard the skin. slowly remove the meat from the bones using a fork or small knife take your time with this as the more you pay attention, the fewer small bones you will find in your finished meal., chop the baked potato into bitesize chunks and add the fish to the potatoes. top with the bacon and onions, then add vinegar and pepper, to taste. mix all the ingredients together to a hash, using a fork, and enjoyfor the steak in a resealable plastic bag, combine the brown sugar, soy sauce, ginger, fish sauce and garlic. add the steak, toss to coat and refrigerate for at least 2 hours., for the fries preheat a deep fryer to 375 degrees f. line a sheet pan with a cooling rack or paper towels., in a large bowl, combine 1 cup of the rice flour and the allpurpose flour. add the soda water and whisk to combine. in a separate dish, combine the remaining 1 cup rice flour and 1 tablespoon salt. working a few at a time, dredge the potatoes in the rice flour then the tempura batter. shake off any excess batter and carefully place the fries in the fryer cook until golden brown and tender, about 8 minutes. transfer the fries to the prepared sheet pan and season with salt. set aside, and repeat for the remaining fries., preheat a grill or grill pan to high heat and preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., remove the steak from the marinade and brush with some canola oil. place on the grill and cook for about 5 minutes per side. transfer the steak to a sheet pan and finish cooking in the oven until medium rare, 7 to 10 minutes. transfer the steak to a cutting board and rest for at least 5 minutes, tented with foil., for the slaw in a large bowl, combine the carrots, scallions and cabbage. in a separate bowl, combine the agave, vinegar, gochugaru, sesame seeds, fish sauce and salt. add enough dressing to lightly coat the vegetables. reserve the remaining dressing for another use., slice the steak, and then serve with the kimchi slaw and tempura fries.for the broth place a large colander in the sink. place the oxtails, marrow bones, beef shin and pork hocks in a large at least 8quart pot. cover with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat. let boil for a few minutes, then remove from the heat. scoop out the bones and meat into the colander and discard the water. wash the pot. rinse off the bones and meat and put them back into the pot. fill with fresh cold water to cover by 1 inch. add the yellow onion halves and 1 tablespoon salt. bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. periodically skim the foam and some, but not all, of the fat. simmer until the meats are tender but not falling apart, 1 to 1 12 hours, then remove the beef shins and pork hocks. do not remove the oxtails or pork neck bones at this stage, if using. when the meats are completely cool, wrap them in plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve., meanwhile, cut the tops off of the lemongrass stalks, about 6 inches from the base, and discard. smash 6 of the bottom stalks with a meat pounder to bruise and open up the lemongrass. for the remaining 4 stalks, peel off 2 or 3 layers until you reach the smoother, more tender core. quarter the peeled stalks lengthwise and then slice thinly across. reserve the sliced lemongrass for the satay., add the bruised lemongrass stalks to the broth and continue to simmer until the broth has reduced by about 10 percent from its original amount, about 1 more hour, then strain the broth into a clean pot. if using, pick the meat from the cooled oxtail and pork neck bones save the beef shins and pork hocks for later and reserve discard the bones, onion and lemongrass., bring the shrimp paste and 2 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan, then let simmer for 5 minutes. skim off the foam. remove from the heat and let sit for 15 minutes for the fine solids to settle to the bottom. pour the shrimp water into the large pot of stock, leaving the fine solids behind., for the satay heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. add the annatto seeds and let the seeds infuse the oil and turn it red, about 1 minute. scoop out the seeds with a spoon and discard. add the shallots to the annatto oil and cook until starting to brown, about 2 minutes. add the garlic, chile flakes and the reserved chopped lemongrass and cook until the garlic starts to brown, about 3 minutes. add 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 4 teaspoons sugar and 12 teaspoon salt. stir to incorporate and then cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is sticky and thickened slightly to the texture of loose jam. the satay is done when a spoon dragged across the bottom of the skillet leaves a trail and the oil begins to separate from the solids. turn off the heat and remove half of the satay for serving. add about 1 cup of the broth to the remaining satay in the skillet and bring to a simmer. simmer for 5 minutes to infuse, then strain back into the pot with the broth., add the remaining tablespoon fish sauce, teaspoon sugar and 2 teaspoons salt to the broth. simmer for 15 minutes for the flavors to meld. add the pork hocks back into the simmering broth to rewarm, and slice the beef shin meat . before serving, taste the broth and add more seasoning, if necessary., meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the noodles according to the manufacturers instructions. drain very well, and divide among 8 bowls. top each bowl with a pork hock, if using, some slices of shin, some oxtail and pork neck meat, if using top with scallions, white onion and cilantro. pour hot broth into the bowls to completely cover the noodles., serve with the reserved satay and suggested garnishes on the side.whisk together shallots, vanilla bean, bay leaf, salt and stock and bring to simmer. slowly whisk in butter and warm to 145 degrees f. place sturgeon in butter and make sure butter remains at 145 degrees f. poach for 12 minutes. remove from liquid and garnish with watercress, onions, and capers.rinse the swordfish with water and pat dry with paper towels. sprinkle each steak lightly with paprika on both sides. then sprinkle each side of steaks with lemon pepper seasoning. let steaks sit for 20 minutes before grilling on barbeque. combine the white wine, butter and parsley in a small bowl. lightly baste each steak with the wine mixture. cook swordfish for about 5 to 10 minutes on each side over hot coals or on the gas grill. they should be tender when tested with a fork. allow fish to rest for 10 minutes before serving.directions, preheat cast iron skillet or corn stick mold in a 425 degree oven. in a mixing bowl, combine all ingredients with a wooden spoon, do not overmix. remove baking dish from oven and grease with vegetable spray or brush with melted butter. add batter and bake for 10 to 15 minutes for sticks and 20 minutes for loaf or cake.directions, preheat cast iron skillet or corn stick mold in a preheated 425 degree oven. in a mixing bowl, combine all ingredients with a wooden spoon, do not overmix. remove baking dish from oven and grease with vegetable spray or brush with melted butter. add batter and bake for 10 to 15 minutes for sticks and 20 minutes for each loaf.combine all the ingredients. shape into burger size patties. grill for 10 to 15 minutes or until desired doneness. if cooking indoors, fry in light olive oil. serve on your favorite bun with tartar sauce or shrimp sauce or alone with a salad.soak the cod in water the night before in the refrigerator. on the day you plan to prepare the dish, change the water and soak again for about 2 hours., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. spray 9 mini loaf pans with olive oil spray., fill a medium saucepan with water and bring to a boil. add the fish and boil for 20 minutes to remove any bones. allow to cool., in a separate bowl, mix the fish, ackees, mayonnaise, and scallions. using the various seasonings, incorporate into the mixture according to your taste. add the breadcrumbs a little at a time, tasting as you do this to make sure you dont lose the flavor of the fish or the ackees., once you achieve the flavor that suits you, add the hot sauce. once again, use caution when adding hot sauce so you dont make the fish too spicy., evenly divide and press the fish mixture into each loaf pan and bake in the oven for 20 minutes, or until browned., remove the loaves from the oven. put a cutting board on top of each loaf pan and flip. repeat with remaining loaf pans. serve.soak salted codfish in water for 1 hour to release salt. in a medium saucepot, with enough water to cover the salted codfish, boil for 15 minutes. strain, remove any bones, and let cool. set aside., in a large pan with olive oil, saute onion, scallions, and garlic until onions are translucent. add salted codfish and saute for an additional 5 minutes. add thyme and peppers. then add ackee and saute for 3 to 5 minutes. serve.wash off all the salt from the salted cod fish in cold water, and then soak as follows soak for 1 hour in hot water, and then drain and replace with a new batch of hot water for another hour. the fish will be soaked for a total of 2 hours., heat the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat and then add the chopped garlic and cook for 30 seconds. add the sprig of thyme and cook for 30 seconds. add the onions, scallions, bell peppers, and scotch bonnet pepper and cook for 5 minutes. stir the entire mix as needed. add the prepared codfish to the skillet and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring as needed. add the ackee to the skillet and simmer for another 2 minutes. stir in the black pepper and turn off the stove. garnish the cooked meal with the paprika.preheat the oven to 350 degrees. in a bowl, toss the bread cubes with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. spread the bread on a baking sheet and toast until golden, watching carefully. set aside., in a large saucepan or stockpot, combine the wine and the clams. cover the pan and, over medium high heat, cook the clams, shaking the pan occasionally, for about 10 minutes. remove the clams to a bowl with a slotted spoon, discarding any that have not opened. add the mussels and cook in the same way, again discarding any that do not open. transfer the mussels to the bowl with the clams, and remove all the meat from the shells. set the shellfish aside. discard the shells and add the liquor from the bowl back into the pan with the wine. strain the cooking water through a fine strainer lined with cheesecloth, return it to a clean pan, and add the clam juice., meanwhile, in a mortar and pestle or a food processor, process the cilantro, garlic, and 34 teaspoons salt to a paste. transfer the mixture to a large, heated serving tureen with a lid and stir in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. bring the wine and clam juice mixture back to a simmer and add the cooked shellfish and the raw shrimp. simmer for 3 minutes, add the bread chunks and stir for 2 minutes more, or until the soup is very hot. drizzle the egg mixture over the top, stirring slowly in a circle. immediately pour the simmering mixture into the tureen, stir to mix, and ladle the soup into heated bowls at the table. garnish with a sprig of cilantro.for the batter, mix the flour and the seasoning together in a mediumsize bowl. make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and break the eggs into the well 1 at a time while beating the mixture has become a thick, uniform paste., cover the bowl with a dampened cloth and allow it to rest for 1 to 4 hours. for the fish, place the flaked codfish, thyme, parsley, scallion, chives, allspice, and chile in the bowl of a food processor and grind them together into a thick paste. fold this paste into the acras batter., meanwhile, heat 2 inches of corn oil to 350 to 375 degrees f in a heavy castiron pot or deep fryer. drop the acras into it by the teaspoonful. fry until they are light brown, turning once. when done, remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.for the poke in a bowl, gently toss the tuna in the soy sauce, sesame oil and rice wine., in a separate bowl, combine the mayonnaise, sriracha, ginger and lime juice., add the tobiko, cilantro, green onions and the spicy mayonnaise to the tuna toss gently. add salt to taste., for the mangoavocado salsa in a bowl, mix the avocado, mango, cucumber, chiles, lime juice, rice wine and sesame oil. add salt and pepper to taste., to serve put 14 cup salsa in small bowls and top with 12 cup poke. garnish with sliced radishes, cilantro, lime or whatever. use sturdy chips to dip within a large salad bowl, whisk together lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, and sesame oil. taste and adjust seasonings with salt and pepper. cut cabbage in 12 lengthwise and slice into thin ribbons. place cabbage, carrots, basil, mint, and cilantro in the bowl with the dressing. toss to combine. set aside., pour the sesame seeds out onto a plate. press the tuna into the seeds on both sides, pressing gently so the sesame seeds stick., heat the olive oil in a 12inch nonstick pan over medium high heat. add fish to pan and cook until rare, about 2 minutes per side. alternatively, cook until done to your likeness. slice thin and distribute among 4 serving plates. serve with a generous portion of napa cabbage slaw.preheat the oven to 500 degrees f., in a small saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter. add shallots and saute 1 minute. season with a pinch of salt. add lemon juice, wine, stock and cream. simmer over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes, until reduced to about 2 tablespoons., lower the heat and whisk in the remaining butter 1 tablespoon at a time, adding each piece when the previous one is almost melted., add hot sauce and season with salt and pepper to taste. strain the sauce through a fine sieve, into a bowl. cover to keep warm until ready to serve., mix together the mustard powder, salt, and pepper. brush the top of the salmon fillets with the melted butter. season both sides with the mustard mixture and set aside., put the soaked shingles in the oven, directly on the racks, for about 3 to 5 minutes until the wood is lightly browned on top. carefully take the shingles out of the oven and place them on a heatproof surface., turn on the oven broiler., immediately brush the shingles with a thin layer of olive oil and lay the salmon fillets, skinned side down, on the browned side of each shingle. place the shingles under the broiler and cook the fish for about 5 to 7 minutes, until firm but not dry. remove the fillets to a platter or serve directly from the shingles., just before serving, stir the parsley and grated eggs into the reserved warm egg sauce. fold in chives and caviar if using. top the fillets with the egg sauce and a sprinkling of chives, and a dollop of caviar if using.bring 2 quarts water to boil, add lobster base. add lobster tails and cook for 5 minutes., add olive oil to a large skillet. saute the shrimp, mussels, clams, and whitefish, covered, for 7 to 10 minutes. season with salt, white pepper, and garlic. place sauteed seafood on bed of linguine. set two lobster tails on side and garnish with alfalfa sprouts.1. place almonds in a food processor and pulse until the almonds are ground. set aside., 2. whip butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, until smooth. add the sugar and continue mixing until the mixture becomes light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. scrape down the sides of the bowl from time to time so the butter and sugar are fully integrated and somewhat fluffy. in another bowl, combine and mix the flour, almonds, cinnamon, and nutmeg., 3. because this dough has a good amount of butter, it needs no resting time and needs to be rolled fairly quickly. lay 3 large pieces of wax paper in a single layer on a flat surface. sprinkle each one with a light coating of flour. remove the bowl from the mixer and, using a rubber spatula, blend the flour mixture in with the butter. when the ingredients are fully integrated, place frac13 of the batter on each of the pieces of wax paper. coat dough with a light layer of flour, and top with another piece of wax paper of the same length. use your hands or a rolling pin to flatten the dough into a disk to make 3 dough sandwiches. place two of them in the refrigerator and work with remaining disk of dough., 4. preheat oven to 350°f. roll the first batch into as neat a shape as possible while keeping the waxed paper in place. avoid creasing or cracking the dough as you roll it to about a frac12inch in thickness. when the first batch is rolled, refrigerate it and repeat the same process for the other two., 5. remove the first rolled sheet from the refrigerator. place it on a flat surface and remove the top layer of waxed paper. spread a small amount of flour onto your work surface and invert the dough onto it. carefully remove the second sheet of waxed paper. cut as many 1frac12inch hearts or rounds as possible. reserve the scraps in the refrigerator. arrange the cut cookies neatly in a single layer on a greased baking sheet. repeat with the other two sheets, reserving any scraps., 6. cut a heart, with the smaller cutter, out of the center of half of all the cookies to create a heart outline. roll the scraps in between two of the pieces of wax paper using the method indicated above and cut additional hearts, if desired. waste dough no such thing. simply reroll all the scraps and refrigerate for a few minutes before cutting into additional cookies., 7. bake the cookies until they are lightly brown, 12 to 15 minutes. remove the trays from the oven and allow them to cool slightly for a few minutes before gently transferring them to a cooling rack. put the raspberry jam in a bowl and whisk to remove large lumps., 8. spoon about frac12 teaspoon raspberry jam on each bottom and place a top heart on each. dust with powdered sugar, if desired., note dough can be rolled without waxed paper if allowed to chill in the refrigerator for one hour prior to use.preheat oven to 350f. spread all of the almonds 112 cups onto a cookie sheet and bake for 4 to 5 minutes or until the nuts just begin to brown and become aromatic. remove from oven and let cool. line the bottoms of two 9inch cake pans with parchment or waxed paper and spray with nonstick cooking spray., prepare the cake batter combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside. beat the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for 5 to 8 minutes or until smooth. add the eggs, one at a time, scraping between additions. stir in the flour mix, almond extract and 12 cup of the toasted almonds until just blended. do not over mix., bake the cake fill each of the prepared pans with half of the batter. place the pans in the center of the oven. bake until the center is firm or when the tip of a small knife emerges clean when it pierces the center of each cake, 30 to 35 minutes. remove from the oven and cool., make the lemon curd while the cake is baking, whisk the sugar, eggs, lemon juice and zest together in a microwavesafe bowl. add the butter. microwave for 4 to 6 minutes, stirring every minute until the mixture thickens. cover the bowl with plastic wrap and poke a few holes into the wrap with the tip of a knife to allow steam to escape. refrigerate until completely cooled., prepare the cakes, fruit and almonds slice the rounded tops of the cakes to flatten them. carefully slice the cakes in half, horizontally, through the middle to create 4 layers. stir the raspberry jam with 1 tablespoon of water to loosen the texture and toss gently with the raspberries. whip the cream to medium peaks., assemble the trifle place one cake round in the bottom of the trifle bowl, trimming the edges if necessary to fit. spread about 13 of the lemon curd over the cake. cover with about 12 cup of whipped cream and sprinkle with 14 cup of the toasted almonds, 14 of the raspberry mixture and 1 cup of blueberries. repeat the same process for two more layers. for the last layer, spread the cake with the remaining whipped cream, berries and nuts.1.preheat the oven to 350f., 2.heat 10inch nonstick skillet on stove and add the oil over medium heat. when it begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat and add the almonds. stir them to coat with the oil and put the skillet back on the heat. cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the nuts brown, 30 seconds. add the rosemary and stir until it gets slightly crisp and pale green, 15 to 30 seconds. use a slotted spoon to remove the nuts and rosemary onto a kitchen towel. season with a pinch of salt., 3.whisk together the eggs, water and 12 tsp. salt. whisk only enough to integrate the eggs. you dont want to whip too much air into them or make them frothy. place the skillet on the stove over medium heat and add the butter. swirl the butter around as it melts so it coats the whole surface of the pan. pour in the egg mixture. allow mixture to cook for 1 minute then use a wooden spoon to stir the eggs for 1 minute, as if you were scrambling them. then, allow the eggs to cook, undisturbed, over mediumlow heat for about 2 minutes the eggs will appear to be about halfway set. sprinkle the cheese and 12 of almond mixture and place the pan in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes or until the center is cooked. pull out of the oven., 4.lift the handle of the pan up tilting the pan away from you and towards the plate. this tilting should cause the omelet to slide down in the pan a little. fold the omelet in half. sprinkle with the remaining almonds and rosemary. serve immediately.heat oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. add onions and garlic and cook until soft. add wine and cookpeole are s until reduced by 34. add the curry paste and cook for 2 minutes. add the clam stock and corn husks and cook until reduced by 12. strain the sauce into a clean medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. add the cream and corn and cook to a sauce consistency. season with salt and pepper, to taste and add the cilantro., combine all ingredients in a bowl and let sit for 30 minutes before serving., preheat oven to 400 degrees f. preheat a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. brush monkfish with olive oil and season with ancho chile powder and salt. sear on both sides until golden brown. transfer to the oven and continue cooking for 8 to10 minutes, until just cooked through. ladle the sauce onto a platter, slice the fish into 34inch thick slice, drizzle with more of the sauce and top with the corn relish and chopped cilantro.making 34 cup essential sweetandspicy ancho seasoning paste roast the unpeeled garlic directly on an ungreased griddle or heavy skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until soft they will blacken in spots, about 15 minutes cool and peel. while the garlic is roasting, toast the chiles on another side of the griddle or skillet 1 or 2 at a time, open them flat and press down firmly on the hot surface with a spatula in a few seconds, when they crackle, even send up a wisp of smoke, flip them and press down to toast the other side. in a small bowl, cover the chiles with hot water and let rehydrate 30 minutes, stirring frequently to ensure even soaking. drain and discard the water., combine the oregano, black pepper, cumin and cloves in a food processor or blender, along with the chiles, garlic and 12cup of the broth. blend to a smooth puree, scraping and stirring every few seconds. if the mixture wont go through the blender blades, add a little more liquid. press through a mediummesh strainer into a bowl. taste and season with salt, usually about a generous 34 teaspoon it should taste a little salty., marinating the fish heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a small 1 to 1 12quart saucepan over mediumhigh. when hot enough to make a drop of the puree really sizzle, add it all at once, and cook, stirring constantly, until very thick, about 5 minutes. stir in the vinegar and sugar and cool to tepid. with sharp scissors, trim off all fins and cut out gills from both fish, then make 3 diagonal slashes on each side of the fish, penetrating to the bone. place the fish in an oiled 13 x 9inch baking dish, then smear all but 2 tablespoons of the chile paste reserve the remainder over both sides of each fish. cover and refrigerate an hour or two but not more than 6., baking the fish turn on the oven to 400 degrees. with a brush, daub 1 tablespoon of the remaining oil over the fish. bake uncovered until the flesh comes away from the bone near the top of the head, 12 to 14 minutes., finishing and serving the dish while the fish is baking, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a mediumsize 8 to 9inch skillet over mediumhigh. add the onion rings and stirfry until browned but still crunchy, about 5 minutes. add the reserved 2 tablespoons chile mixture and the remaining 12 cup of the broth to the onions. boil quickly until reduced to a light saucy consistency. taste and season with salt if necessary keep warm., use 2 metal spatulas to transfer the fish to a large, warm, serving platter. add any baking dish juices to the sauce, return to a boil, then spoon over the fish. sprinkle on the chopped cilantro and radishes. garnish with sprigs of cilantro, and carry confidently to the table.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., heat a small sauce pot with oil over medium heat. add garlic and crushed pepper flakes and cook 1 to 2 minutes. stir in tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. simmer a few minutes., arrange the fish sticks in a baking dish and pour half the sauce over the fish  reserve the rest to pass at the dinner table. scatter 12 cup provolone cheese and the parmesan over the fish and bake 18 minutes until fish is crispy and cheese has melted. garnish with lots of fresh shredded basil., while fish bakes, cut the pita breads into wedges, 6 per pita, using a knife or kitchen scissors. scatter the pita on a baking sheet, spray the bread wedges with olive oil cooking spray and season with garlic powder and dried oregano and bake 10 to 12 minutes until crisp. remove pita chips and cover with roasted red peppers, mushrooms, artichokes, olives and remaining 1 cups provolone cheese. place the nachos back in the oven 5 minutes to melt cheese then serve.heat oil in a heavy bottomed pot until smoking. add lobster and shrimp shells, season with salt and pepper. cook until golden brown. add vegetables and cook for 2 minutes. remove from heat and add the brandy. return to the heat and carefully flame. then add the wine and reduce by 34. add fish stock, cream, herbs, spices, and rice and simmer until rice is completely overcooked approximately 30 to 45 minutes stirring constantly to avoid sticking. remove, blend with hand blender, add butter, and adjust seasonings. press through fine sieve. garnish with poached lobster and shrimp, serve in hot bowls, and finish with chopped chives.to prepare the chimichurri, place all the ingredients in a food processor and process for 1 to 2 minutes until the ingredients are well combined. can be used immediately, but for best results refrigerate overnight. remove from the refrigerator 2 hours before serving, to allow to come to room temperature., preheat your grill pan or outdoor grill over mediumhigh heat. brush each sweet potato slice generously with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until tender when poked with a knife you want some nice char marks on the potatoes. you may need to grill in 2 batches. place on a baking sheet, wrap with foil and place in a preheated to 200 degree f oven., next, in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. when hot add the bell peppers and season generously with salt and pepper. saute until caramelized, about 5 to 6 minutes. add the garlic and saute for an additional 2 minutes. turn the heat off, toss in the toasted pine nuts, basil and oregano and add a pinch more salt and pepper. stir to combine and keep warm on the stovetop., for the swordfish, again heat your grill pan or outdoor grill over mediumhigh heat. brush both sides of the swordfish generously with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. grill until just cooked through, but still moist, about 3 to 4 minutes per side being careful not to overcook the fish., to plate, first put 14 of the sweet potato slices onto each of 4 warmed plates. top potatoes with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and a tiny pinch of salt. next, top the sweet potatoes, with 14 of the bell pepper mixture. then place the swordfish atop that, and spoon a generous amount of the chimichurri over the middle of the fish. to garnish, top the chimichurri with a tiny sprinkling of orange zest, then just a few very thinly sliced pieces of jalapeno, and a twisted orange slice. serve with warmed sourdough baguette slices and the additional chimichurri on the side. enjoyheat a 5quart pot over mediumhigh heat. add the oil and garlic and cook, stirring often, until the garlic is fragrant and golden, about 2 minutes. use a slotted spoon to transfer the garlic to a papertowel lined plate, and reserve for serving. reserve the garlicinfused oil in the pot, off the heat., season the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. return the pot to the stove over mediumhigh heat, then add the chicken, skinsidedown and cook until the skin is golden, turning halfway through, about 8 minutes. transfer the chicken to a bowl. add the onion, ginger, and rice to the pot. cook, stirring often, 1 to 2 minutes. add the chicken broth, 4 cups water, a pinch of saffron, and the bay leaf to the rice. return the chicken and juices to the pot. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a vigorous simmer., cook, partially covered, until the chicken is tender, the rice is cooked, and the soup is thickened, about 30 minutes. discard the bay leaf, stir in the fish sauce and lime juice, and season the soup with salt and pepper. serve one chicken thigh per bowl of soup and garnish with the fried garlic, scallion greens, freshly ground pepper, reserved saffron threads, and lime wedges.for the broth in a lidded pot, combine the clams with 14 cup water, 14 cup wine, and 1 tablespoon onion. turn heat to medium high, cover and cook 6 minutes, or until all the clams have opened. remove clams from shells, rinse and set aside. strain broth through a finemesh strainer lined with cheesecloth and set aside., in a large pot, combine the shrimp shells and heads with the clam broth, remaining onion, garlic cloves, remaining wine, bouquet garni and the soup fish or heads, tails and bones. cover with water2 to 4 quarts. bring to boil, reduce heat to low and simmer 2 hours. strain through a finemesh strainer lined with cheesecloth. measure out 7 cups freeze extra., for the rice pound together the 2 whole garlic cloves, cayenne, saffron, paprika and salt in a mortar and pestle. scrape into a 2cup measuring cup and blend with 1 cup of fish broth. set aside., heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet or paella pan over medium heat and add the crushed garlic and chile peppers. when they turn light brown, remove them from the pan and discard. add the rice and cook, stirring, until the grains are coated with oil, 3 to 4 minutes. stir in the diluted garlic and cayenne mixture, then add 5 cups fish stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and cook without stirring, uncovered, for 30 minutes, or until there is no longer liquid in the pan. remove from the heat, cover and let sit for 15 minutes., for the fish while the rice is cooking, cook the fish and shrimp. heat olive oil in large nonstick frying pan and add the minced onion. cook until it begins to soften and add the garlic, tomato, and parsley. cook, stirring, until the mixture is soft and fragrant, about 5 to 10 minutes. add the fish fillets and steaks, turn to coat all sides, then add 1 cup of fish broth and bring to a simmer. cook 5 to 8 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through. remove the fish from the pan and set on a serving platter with the clams. cover with foil to keep warm. add the shrimp to the broth, cook 2 to 3 minutes, until pink and opaque, and remove from the pan. pour the mixture in the pan over the fish and shellfish., serve the rice first and then the fish, or serve together, with garlic mayonnaise if you wish.cover the bottom of a saute pan with 18 cup olive oil and heat. add the garlic and shallot to pan, and saute until light brown in color. add the bay scallops and rock shrimp and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. do not overcook scallops and shrimp. remove from heat., in another saute pan, add the remaining 18 cup olive oil and heat. add tomatoes, mushrooms, lemon juice, clam juice, white wine, and capers. simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. reduce liquid by 25 percent., add the reserved seafood to the mixture of tomatoes and mushrooms. add the green onions. in a small bowl, make a beurre manie by combining the butter and the flour and mixing until a paste is formed. add the beurre manie to the mixture and whisk to incorporate. bring to a simmer and cook for 1 to 2 minutes., place artichoke halves in a soup bowl and ladle mixture over artichoke.fill a large bowl with cold water and soak the arugula to remove any dirt and sand. once clean, pat the greens dry and place in a large mixing bowl. season with salt and pepper and drizzle with the vinaigrette, just enough to coat the greens. equally divide the arugula and place into 4 shallow bowls. arrange 3 shrimp on top of the greens and garnish with the jicama, corn, tomatoes, and fried wonton wrappers., in a food processor, add the sesame oil, lime juice, rice vinegar, garlic, ginger, chile flakes, and fish sauce. while the processor is running, slowly add the oil. season with salt, pepper, and sugar. the vinaigrette should be tart, but hold a hint of sweetness., in a large mixing bowl, combine the tamarind, mirin, hot water, molasses, garlic, lime juice, and sriracha. pour the mixture into a shallow sheet pan and add the shrimp, turning to coat. allow the shrimp to marinate for 1 to 2 hours maximum, refrigerated. prepare a hot grill or a 500 degree oven and grillbroil the shrimp for about 5 minutes.the point of a stew, it should go without saying, is its flavour rather than its form. so while the crunchy salad strips of carrot, scallion and bell pepper, do bring colour and beauty to the otherwise brown study, their texture and asianflavoured bite provide the perfect partner for the rich aromatic spiciness of the softbraised stew beneath., cooking the shin on the bone gives me a certain primitive pleasure, and the meat even more melting tenderness, but you can buy cubed beef shank off the bone or other stew meat, if you must, in which case, you wont need as much in weight., along with the stew and its crunchy, hot and sour topping, i serve gingery mashed parsnip and potatoes, the ginger offering a muted echo of the south east asian tones. while a plain bowl of rice would be a fine alternative, know that the aromatic mash makes for fantastic, fiery potato patties the day or so after., for the beef preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., quarter and peel the onions, and peel and roughly slice the ginger and put into the processor with the peeled garlic cloves and coriander. blitz until finely chopped, then heat the oil in a large dutch oven and fry this mixture gently, until soft and beginning to catch in the pan this should take about 10 minutes, over medium heat and with regular stirring., pour in the chinese wine or sherry and let it bubble up. add the soy sauce, brown sugar, broth, oyster sauce and vinegar. bring to a boil, then drop in the cinnamon sticks and star anise. add the pieces of beef shank and let everything come up to a bubble again, then clamp on a lid and put into the oven for 2 hours regular stew steak may take longer., take the dutch oven carefully out of the oven and, using a perforated spoon, remove the beef to an ovenproof dish, cover with aluminum foil, and keep warm in the oven, while you vigorously boil the sauce in the dutch oven on the stove, without a lid, until it has reduced by about half., for the salad peel the carrots, cut into long slices, and then julienne them i.e. cut into matchsticklike strips. trim and halve the scallions and then julienne as well. seed the chillies and also cut into juliennes, and finely chop the cilantro. combine all the julienned vegetables and the chopped cilantro in a bowl. in another bowl mix the lime juice, fish sauce and superfine sugar, and dress the vegetables with this., for serving arrange the beef on a serving platter and pour over the reduced sauce over the meat, then dress the top with the hot and sour shredded salad. if you are using cubes of stew meat, rather than slices of shank, youd probably do better to use a deeper dish., make ahead note cook the beef for 1 34 hours then transfer to a bowl to cool. cover, refrigerate and store in refrigerator for up to 2 days. when ready to use, return the beef to the dutch oven and heat gently until sauce is just boiling. cover and return to oven for 30 minutes, or until the beef is piping hot. transfer meat to an ovenproof dish and finish sauce as directed., freeze note cook and cool as above then freeze for up to 3 months in airtight container. thaw overnight in fridge and reheat and finish as above.bring the vinegar, 12 cup water, honey, fish sauce and chili garlic sauce to a simmer in a small saucepan. cook until reduced by half and thickened. set aside to cool, shred the brussels sprouts using the slicer attachment of a food processor or with a knife. transfer to a large bowl and add the carrot, bell pepper, cilantro, peanuts and scallions. toss to combine. pour the dressing over the slaw and mix until well coated.for the salad cook the noodles according to the package directions. drain and rinse with cold water until cool, then drain again thoroughly., mix the cilantro, mint, peanuts, scallions, chicken, carrots and cucumber with the noodles in a large bowl., for the sauce whisk together the soy sauce, fish sauce, honey, vinegar, lime juice, ginger, oil, garlic and jalapeno in a medium bowl., toss the salad with the sauce. serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve.combine the chicken and ginger in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 1 inch. bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 10 minutes. drain and transfer the chicken to a cutting board., meanwhile, make the dressing whisk the lime juice, peanut oil, brown sugar, fish sauce and sriracha in a small bowl set aside., combine the cabbage, carrots, snow peas and mint in a large bowl. add all but 2 tablespoons of the dressing and toss to coat., thinly slice the chicken. top each serving of salad with the chicken and peanuts drizzle with the remaining dressing.put the ginger, coriander, scallions, carrot, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. lower the heat to very low and cover. poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. remove the pan from the heat, uncover, and cool the chicken in the liquid, about 30 minutes. bone and pull the chicken into bitesize pieces. save the broth., toss the chicken with the remaining salad ingredients and toss with the dressing. wrap about 13 cup of the salad in a lettuce leaf. serve 3 to 4 lettuce leaves per person with a wedge of lime if desired., whisk the lime juice, ginger, soy, chili, fish sauce, salt and broth in a small bowl. gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a dressing.in a saucepan combine the chicken with the scallion, ginger and salt to taste. add enough of the chicken broth to just cover. bring the liquid to a boil over moderate heat and simmer, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until chicken is just cooked through. let cool in broth. drain and cut into strips., make the dressing in a food processor or blender combine ingredients and process until combined well., in a bowl combine the chicken with the scallion, carrot, snow peas, basil, mint and cilantro. add the dressing and toss to combine., in a deep fat fryer heat the oil until hot. add the rice noodles and cook until crisp. transfer to paper towels to drain. arrange rice noodles on serving plate and top with the chicken salad.add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until it is tender but still firm to the bite, about 3 to 4 minutes. drain the pasta and rinse it under cold water to cool it completely. drain the pasta again, pat it dry and add it to the mixing bowl., finely shred the cabbage and grate or finely chop the carrots. roll the basil leaves up into tight cylinders and cut across them to create fine shreds and add them to the mixing bowl. toss the salad with the dressing and adjust the seasoning if necessary.peanut sauce, combine all the ingredients in food processor and mix until well blended. set aside., marinade, mix all the ingredients, except the pineapple, together in a bowl, then add the pineapple slices. let sit for a minimum of 30 minutes. this can also be made a day ahead and refrigerated., preheat the grill to medium and grill each side of the pineapple until they have deep brown grill marks. remove and slice into desired bitesize pieces. set aside., dough, preheat the grill and the oven to 400 degrees f., mix the yeast, water and sugar together in a small bowl until the yeast dissolves into a smooth, beige color. let stand for 5 minutes., using a stand mixer, add the flours, salt, cornmeal, sesame seeds, and orange zest, and mix with dough hook. add the yeasted water and mix for 30 seconds. add the sesame oil, ginger and garlic. if the dough is too dry, add drops of water until it becomes moist. place dough in oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes., when ready to roll out, cut the dough into 2 pieces and roll out each piece to desired thickness., this will give you 2 individual pizzas or you can choose to do one. put the dough on a preheated pizza stone, if using an oven or a mesh grilling tray, if using a grill. depending on the thickness of the crust, it will take approximately 10 minutes for thin pizza and 15 to 20 minutes for thicker pizza., chicken, preheat the grill to medium., cut each chicken breast in half to make thinner cutlets. season with oil, and salt and pepper, to taste., grill for about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. remove from the grill to a cutting board and cut into bitesize pieces, either long strips or chunks. cover loosely with foil. set aside., assembly, arrange the grilled chicken, grilled pineapple, red pepper, avocado, cilantro on top of the dough. drizzle with peanut sauce, slice and serve.mix together the sugar, salt, cilantro, olive oil, onion, vinegar, fish sauce, sriracha, oregano, thyme, garlic, lime juice, bay leaves, ginger, and black pepper in a large bowl. add the duck legs and let marinate, 1 hour., line the bottom of a tall pan with a layer of duck fat. place the duck legs on top, then cover with another layer of duck fat. place in the refrigerator for 24 hours., preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., melt the remaining duck fat in a large ovenproof pot. wipe the marinade off the duck legs and place them in the warm fat. transfer the pot to the oven. roast until meat is falling off the bone, 2 12 to 3 12 hours. pull duck legs from fat., reheat the duck in a pan over medium heat until brown and crispy on both, sides. garnish with a drizzle of hoisin and serve with a side of fivespice guacamole., slice the avocados in half, working the knife carefully around the pit. twist the two halves in opposite directions, remove the pits, and scoop the flesh into a large bowl. add the lime juice and toss to coat, then drain off and reserve any unincorporated juice. add the fivespice powder, salt and sesame seeds. using a potato masher, mash the avocados to desired consistency. fold in the onions, jalapeno, cilantro and garlic. add 1 tablespoon of the reserved lime juice. let sit at room temperature for 1 hour, then serve.combine sesame seeds in a bowl and set aside. in a separate bowl combine the soy sauce, hot pepper sesame oil and lemon juice. marinate fish sticks for 5 to10 minutes in the soy mixture turning to coat. dredge in flour, shaking off excess. next, coat fish sticks with egg whites and then roll in sesame seeds to coat evenly on all sides. heat an oven proof saute pan over moderate heat and add the oil. saute the fish sticks on all sides until the sesame seeds just begin to brown. finish cooking, if necessary, in a preheated 425 degree oven for 4 to 6 minutes or until fish is just done and firm to the touch. be careful not to overcook. serve immediately with sweetsoy dipping sauce., combine all ingredients and stir to dissolve sugar. allow to sit for at least 2 hours for flavors to develop. store covered in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.combine sesame seeds in a bowl and set aside. in a separate bowl combine the soy sauce, hot pepper sesame oil and lemon juice. marinate fish sticks for 5 to10 minutes in the soy mixture turning to coat. dredge in flour, shaking off excess. next, coat fish sticks with egg whites and then roll in sesame seeds to coat evenly on all sides. heat an oven proof saute pan over moderate heat and add the oil. saute the fish sticks on all sides until the sesame seeds just begin to brown. finish cooking, if necessary, in a preheated 425 degree oven for 4 to 6 minutes or until fish is just done and firm to the touch. be careful not to overcook. serve immediately with sweetsoy dipping sauce, recipe follows., combine all ingredients and stir to dissolve sugar. allow to sit for at least 2 hours for flavors to develop. store covered in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and cook the garlic and ginger until browned. combine the broth, soy sauce, and fish sauce, if using, to the saucepan and bring to a simmer. add the remaining ingredients except the snow peas, scallions, and sesame oil. simmer for 20 minutes, and then add the snow peas. cook for just a few minutes longer, until the snow peas have softened but are still bright green. add the scallions to the saucepan, remove from heat, and ladle into serving bowls. drizzle a bit of sesame oil over the top of each serving.in a food processor puree peanuts, chiles, garlic, ginger, lime juice, fish sauce, oil, salt and sugar until smooth. do not overmix as you can heat the mixture. add the herbs and puree smooth. check for seasoning. oil shrimp on both sides and season. grill on both sides for about 5 minutes total., place a layer of romaine on a plate. lay 3 grilled shrimp on top and liberally drizzle with pesto.in a large saucepan, over high heat, bring the stock, water, soy sauce, mushrooms, ginger and red pepper flakes to a boil. lower the heat simmer, covered for 10 minutes or until the mushrooms are tender. blend the sesame, vegetable oils and rice vinegar. toss this dressing with the bean sprouts, scallions and watercress and season to taste with salt and pepper. divide this salad among 4 soup bowls and reserve for later. when the mushrooms are tender, add the chicken to the soup and simmer, over moderate heat, uncovered for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through. season to taste with salt and pepper. remove the ginger slices, then ladle the hot soup over the bean sprout mixture and garnish with sesame seeds.put the peanut oil in a heavy skillet large enough to hold all the chicken in 1 layer without crowding. put the skillet over mediumlow heat. spread the sesame seeds on a pie plate or waxed paper. season the breasts with salt and pepper and press into the sesame seeds to coat both sides evenly. put in the skillet, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and cook for 5 minutes on each side, gently turning the breasts with a spatula, until the meat is firm and no pink shows in the middle. reduce the heat if needed to prevent burning., meanwhile, trim the bottom 12inch from the cabbage and remove any damaged or withered parts from the tops of the leaves. cut crosswise into strips no more than 12inch wide. put into a salad spinner, fill with water, drain and spin the greens dry. remove any excess moisture with paper towels., peel and halve the ginger. drop down the chute of a food processor with the motor running and puree. stop the motor and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. add the fish sauce, vinegar, and sesame oil. juice the lime and add the juice to the ginger mixture. process until the dressing is combined. add salt to taste., open the can of water chestnuts and drain. trim the scallions and cut the white and green parts crosswise into thin slices. cut the top from the bell pepper. stand it upright and cut down inside the four walls, separating them from the center core and seeds. then cut the walls into thin strips. coarsely chop the leaves from the cilantro sprigs., put the cabbage in a large mixing bowl. add the water chestnuts, scallions, bell pepper, cilantro, and dressing. toss well. cut the cooked chicken into strips no more than 12inch wide. add to the salad and toss.in a large bowl, toss together cabbage, carrots, green onions, peanuts, mint, basil and tofu. to make dressing, combine ingredients in a small bowl. pour over slaw mixture and toss well. serve immediately or refrigerate up to 1 hour.in a pot of boiling salted water cook the soba for 5 minutes, or until al dente, drain and transfer to large bowl. toss with oil. in large saucepan of boiling salted water add carrots and cook 2 minutes, add snowpeas and bean sprouts and bring water back to boil. drain vegetables and refresh. pat dry., add vegetables to bowl of pasta along with seafood and minced scallion., make the dressing in blender or processor combine all ingredients and blend until combined well. toss salad with dressing.in a small stock pot on high heat, coat lightly with olive oil and saute the leeks, sliced garlic, kaffir, lemongrass, and ginger until soft, about 3 minutes. add the mussels and clams, stir, and season. deglaze with wine, and cover, to steam open the shellfish., check after 3 to 5 minutes, most of the shellfish should be slightly opened. remove and discard the tightly closed shellfish. add the stock. bring to a simmer and reduce by 13., meanwhile, in a small saucepan coated very lightly with olive oil, saute the smashed garlic until light brown. add the saffron and stir. season and add the cream. bring to a simmer and reduce by 13. transfer to a blender and puree smooth. check for seasoning., remove and discard the kaffir, lemongrass, and ginger pieces. add the fish sauce and check for seasoning., while still simmering, add the cod and shrimp, and cook for 3 minutes. then add the crab and lime juice and check again for flavor., in 4 heated rice bowls, ladle the soup with the seafood. serve immediately, drizzled with saffrongarlic foam, or, if possible, place the warm saffrongarlic foam in a cream canister with 2 cartridges and foam on top of the soup., beverage domaine tempier from bandolrinse the fish under cold water and pat dry. sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. arrange 4 fillets in a single layer in a glass or enamel pie plate. top with half each of the scallions and ginger, then lay the remaining 4 fillets on top to make 4 sandwiches. drizzle with 1 tablespoon soy sauce and refrigerate until ready to cook, or up to 30 minutes., remove the fish from the refrigerator. fill a wok or large dutch oven with 2 to 3 inches of water bring to a boil. put a large steamer in the wok the water should not touch the bottom of the steamer. set the pie plate in the steamer, cover and steam until the fish is cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. transfer the fish to a plate and drizzle with any collected juices., heat the peanut oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the remaining ginger, the garlic, jalapeno, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt and stirfry 30 seconds. add the remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce and remove from the heat. slice the remaining scallions into matchsticks and scatter over the fish along with the bell pepper. pour the ginger mixture on top. serve with rice.heat the peanut oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees f. add the sliced shallot and cook, stirring often, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season with salt., whisk 2 tablespoons of the frying oil, the chopped shallot, lime juice, fish sauce, soy sauce, garlic, ginger and jalapeno in a large bowl. add the watermelon and toss to combine. let sit 10 minutes., add the cilantro, basil, mint and 2 tablespoons peanuts to the salad and season with salt toss to combine. top with the remaining 1 tablespoon peanuts and the fried shallot.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., this is because the easiest way to poach salmon for this dish is to do it in the oven. so pour the water into a roasting pan, add the lime leaves and then the salmon. cover the pan with foil, put in the oven and cook for about 15 minutes, by which time the salmon should be tender. remove the pan from the oven and drain the liquid off into a pitcher. keep the fish warm simply by replacing the foil on the pan., melt the butter in a wide, heavy saucepan that has a tightfitting lid, and add the oil to stop the butter burning. soften the onion in the pan and add the spices, then keep cooking till the onion is slightly translucent and suffused with soft perfume of the spices. add the rice and stir with a wooden spoon so that its all well coated. theres not enough onion to give a heavy coating just make sure the rice is fragrantly slicked., pour in the reserved liquid from the pitcher, about 2 14 cups, and stir before covering with the lid and cooking gently for 15 minutes. if your stove is vociferous you may need a flame tamer., at the end of the cooking time, when the rice is tender and has lost all chalkiness, turn off the heat, remove the lid, cover the pan with a dish towel and then replace the lid. this will help absorb any extra moisture form the rice. it is also the best way to let the rice stand without getting sticky or cold, which is useful when youve got a few friends and a few dishes to keep your eye on., just before you want to eat, drain off any extra liquid thats collected in the dish with the salmon, then flake the fish with a fork. add to it the rice, egg, cilantro, lime juice and a drop or 2 of fish sauce. stir gently to mix  i use a couple of wooden paddles or spatulas  and taste to see if you want any more lime juice or fish sauce. sprinkle over the zest from the 2 juiced halves of the lime and serve. i love it served just as it is in the roasting dish, but if you want to, and i often do consistency is a requirement of a recipe but not of a cook, decant into large plate before you add the lime zest, then surround with lime segments and add the zest and a small handful of freshly chopped cilantro., this is one of those rare dishes that manages to be comforting and light at the same time. and  should you have leftovers, which i wouldnt count on  its heavenly eaten, as all leftovers demand to be, standing up, straight from the fridge.in an ovenproof nonglass baking dish 11 by 8inch, combine the coconut milk, stock, fish sauce, lime juice, ginger, serrano, garlic, cilantro, and thai basil. add the fish, turn to coat, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., remove the fish from the marinade and reserve. add the vegetables to a small ovenproof dish and cover with the marinade. cover tightly with aluminum foil and place in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes., once the vegetables are cooked, drain the marinadecooking liquid into a small saucepot and place over mediumlow heat to reduce., pat the fish dry and strain as much liquid from the vegetables without damaging them. in the center of a piece of parchment, place 14 of the vegetables, top with 1 portion fish, and 1 slice fresh lime and fold the parchment around the fish and vegetables like a package. secure with the kitchen string and place on a baking sheet. repeat with remaining ingredients. bake for 15 to 20 minutes., remove the packets to individual serving plates, cut open to reveal, and garnish with a sprinkle of fresh cilantro and a wedge of lime.heat the oil a large skillet, with a lid, over medium heat. add the shallots, ginger, garlic, lemongrass, and chili, and stirfry until golden and aromatic, about 3 minutes. add the water, fish sauce, and sugar, stir and bring to a simmer. add the mussels, cover and steam until they open and plump slightly, about 5 minutes., discard any mussels that do not open. stir in the lime juice, cilantro, and mint leaves. divide the mussels and broth evenly among the bowls. serve.1. fill a large bowl halfway with ice cubes and add some cold water. place a colander squarely inside the ice bath. the colander will keep you from having to pick the asparagus out from amongst the ice cubes in the ice bath., 2. bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. add 1 teaspoon salt. add the asparagus and cook for 1 to 1frac12 minutes. you want them to be crunchy. if the asparagus are thicker, cook for 1frac12 to 2 minutes., 3. remove the asparagus from the water using a slotted spoon and transfer them to the colander inside the ice bath. move them around gently so the ice water penetrates the asparagus and accelerates the cooling process. vegetables take longer than you think to cool so allow them to sit a few minutes in the ice water. hold a piece of the asparagus in your hand for a few seconds to assure that its really cool even in the center. if the piece still feels warm, allow them to cool longer in the ice bath. place them on a kitchen towel to drain any excess moisture., 4. heat oil a medium skillet until hot but not smoking, add the walnuts and season with 14 teaspoon salt. they should bubble and fry slightly in the oil. when you can smell the walnuts, add the paprika and cayenne and lower the heat to medium. cook for about 30 seconds, stirring constantly, and transfer the mixture to a bowl. set aside., 5. toss the asparagus in the bowl with the walnuts and the oil. let this mixture sit in the refrigerator for a few hours or a few minutes. when ready to serve, stir in the lemon juice. serve immediately.cut the tuna into bitesize cubes and place in a medium mixing bowl. pour the chili water and shoyu over the tuna cubes. add the rayu and sriracha sauce. mix together and let the tuna marinate for a couple of minutes., dice the hawaiian chiles, ghost pepper and habanero as small as possible and add to the mixing bowl. add the seaweed salad and mix all the ingredients together., before serving, sprinkle the sea salt and japanese spice on top of the poke. finish off by adding the tobiko., alternatively, you can serve it in a chilled martini glass with the seaweed mix on the bottom and the poke mix on top. you can cut a slit into a hawaiian chile and hang on the glass as a garnish., heat the chiles, ginger, garlic, vinegar and salt with 2 cups water in a saucepan, but do not bring to a boil. stir all the ingredients and place in a bottle or jar slightly larger than 1 pint and seal off. be cautious of the steam for it will irritate your eyes and nasal cavity. refrigerate overnight and allow the flavor to develop in the water. use as you would any hot sauce.in a large mixing bowl, combine pepper, light soy sauce, fish sauce, and sesame oil. stir and coat the duck and marinate for 30 minutes. bring a fry pan to medium heat, add oil, then sear and brown the duck breasts skinside down for 3 minutes. remove and set aside., place some foil in a wok, add green tea, sugar, rice grains, cassia bark, and star anise. place a wire rack in the wok and cover., turn heat to high until the wok begins to smoke. now add the duck breasts skinside up and reduce the heat to medium. cover then allow to smoke., turn off heat and allow the duck to rest in the wok for a further 5 minutes., thinly slice the breasts, garnish with a combination of spring onions, chile, and coriander., serve with baguette and soychile dipping sauce.in a large pot, add the codfish and cover with 1 gallon of water. bring it to a boil and cook for 10 minutes to remove the salt. drain the cod and break it into small flakes with a spoon. set aside., in a large frying pan heat the olive oil over medium heat. add the green peppers, onion, tomatoes, and culantro and cook for 2 minutes. add the codfish, bay leaves, red bell peppers, tomato paste, and capers. cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. add the boiled potatoes and cook until heated through, about 2 more minutes., garnish with cilantro. serve with rice or cooked plantains, if desired., serving suggestion white rice or cooked plantains.start the fire 1 hour in advance, making sure the coals are white hot before you begin cooking., spread 12 of the seaweed on the bottom of the tub to protect the lobsters from burning. place lobsters on top of seaweed. place the corn on top of the lobster, and the potatoes on top of the corn. arrange the raw clams on top of the vegetables and top with the remaining seaweed. pour the wine into the tub. place the wet burlap over the food and tuck the edges into the tub to retain the steam inside., place the tub on top of the coals. every 15 minutes, moisten the burlap with water. cook for about 45 minutes., serve the lobster bake strewn out on newspapers, with melted butter, piles of coarse sea salt, and favorite spices as condiments.start the fire 1 hour in advance, making sure the coals are white hot before you begin cooking., spread 12 of the seaweed on the bottom of the tub to protect the lobsters from burning. place lobsters on top of seaweed. place the corn on top of the lobster, and the potatoes on top of the corn. arrange the raw clams on top of the vegetables and top with the remaining seaweed. pour the wine into the tub. place the wet burlap over the food and tuck the edges into the tub to retain the steam inside., place the tub on top of the coals. every 15 minutes, moisten the burlap with water. cook for about 45 minutes., serve the lobster bake strewn out on newspapers, with melted butter, piles of coarse sea salt, and favorite spices as condiments., you can do this on a stovetop using the exact same method. be sure to place the pot overlapping a couple of burners to get the heat you will need.with your hands, flake the whitefish, being careful to discard all the skin and bones. in a medium bowl, gently combine the whitefish with the red onion, celery, mayonnaise, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. taste for seasoning., toast the bagel slices in a toaster. arrange a platter with the smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes, and red onions. serve with the whitefish salad at room temperature.place the red onions in a medium bowl. combine 1 cup of the vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 cup salt, and the sugar, allspice, cinnamon and star anise in a small saucepan. bring to a boil, then lower to simmer and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. pour the liquid and spices over the onions. let cool, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 day., place the macadamia nuts in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook, tossing, until golden brown and fragrant, about 3 minutes. transfer the nuts to a bowl and season with salt and white pepper. let the nuts cool completely, then roughly chop., heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. add the garlic, yellow onions and ginger, and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes. carefully pour in the brandy and tilt the skillet slightly so the alcohol catches flame. once the flame dies down, scrape the bottom of the skillet to loosen any caramelized bits and then continue cooking until the brandy is reduced by half, about 1 minute. add the liver pate and cook, stirring, until fully heated through, about 5 minutes., scrape the liver mixture into a food processor and blend until smooth. press the mixture through a finemesh strainer into a bowl, discarding any solids. add the remaining 14 cup vinegar, the sriracha, mirin, soy sauce, fish sauce, sesame oil, lime juice and all but 1 teaspoon lime zest and whisk to combine., add the rice noodles to the liver sauce, toss until evenly coated, and then transfer the noodles to a serving platter. drain the pickled red onions from their liquid and sprinkle evenly over the noodles. top with the macadamia nuts, cilantro, scallions and the reserved lime zest.in workbowl of a food processor chop cilantro, tomato, green pepper and onion to a coarse paste. heat paste in a large heavy skillet over low heat for 15 minutes. season to taste with salt and pepper. add haddock and drained shrimp. cover and simmer 5 to 7 minutes. add lemon juice, coconut milk and dende and simmer 5 minutes more. serve, passing malagueta peppersin a very large soup pot or dutch oven, cook the bacon with olive oil over medium heat. when bacon is almost cooked, add garlic and jalapenos and cook for 30 seconds. raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the onion, celery, carrots, fennel, and bell peppers. add herbs, bay leaves, and crushed red pepper., add the crushed tomatoes and tomato sauce. bring to a simmer and reduce heat. add the stock, stir in the ground conch and potatoes and bring to a simmer. add hot red pepper sauce, to taste, and simmer for 10 minutes, then serve, or chill for later use.place beer, allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, salt, oregano, mustard, cayenne and pepper in a blender blend until smooth, scraping down the sides as necessary. transfer the batter to a shallow baking dish. add fish, turning to coat all sides., heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. transfer onethird of the battered fish to the pan, placing each piece into a little oil. cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. transfer cooked fish to a plate keep warm. add 1 tablespoon oil and half the remaining fish to the pan cook as directed above, reducing the heat if necessary. cook the remaining fish with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. serve immediately.directions, soak cornmeal in water. grate okra and cook in boiling water. when water is of a slimy consistency strain off okra and reserve. place saucepan on medium heat, add cornmeal and stir continuously until hot. when cornmeal begins to tighten, add okra water still stirring until cornmeal is cooked. stir in okra and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.cut the lobster in 2, lengthways, and clean the head cavity under cold running water. slightly loosen the tail meat from the shell, season the tail meat and brush with 1 tablespoon clarified butter. in a heavy bottomed frying pan, saute the onions in 1 tablespoon of butter until soft. add the bread crumbs and cook until golden brown. pour in some of the fish stock to moisten and add the herbs. season, to taste. when cooled, fill the lobster head cavity with the stuffing up to where the tail meat starts. drizzle with remaining butter and bake in a preheated 450 degree oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until the lobster tail feels firm to the touch. serve with melted butter and fresh lemon.season fish with salt and pepper. place fish in oval casserole dish. melt 4 ounces butter in small sauce pan. add wine and remaining ingredients, except the paprika. simmer about 2 minutes. remove from heat and spoon over fish. now sprinkle paprika over fish. bake fish in 375 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the fish is done.season fish with salt and pepper. place fish in an oval casserole dish. melt butter in small saucepan. add remaining ingredients and simmer about three minutes. spoon sauce over fish and cook fish in 375 degree oven for about 10 to 12 minutes or until done. sprinkle with chopped parsley.for the chutney blend the cilantro, lemon juice, garlic, ginger, chiles, coconut, pistachios, and cumin in a food processor to a puree., heat a small amount of the vegetable oil in a small saucepan over a medium heat. when the oil is hot, add the mustard seeds. be careful of the popping mustard seeds and splattering of oil. when the mustard seeds start to pop, remove the pan from the heat, and add the seeds to the chutney mixture. season the mixture well with salt, and freshly ground black pepper., in a separate bowl, mix 2 tablespoons of the chutney mixture with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. brush the chutney mixture all over the sea bass, and set aside to marinate for 20 to 30 minutes., while the fish is marinating, preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., when the fish has marinated, spoon the remaining chutney mixture into the cavities of the sea bass. place the stuffed sea bass onto a sheet pan, and bake in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the flesh of each sea bass is opaque., to serve the dish, divide the stuffed sea bass among four serving plates. spoon a portion of the new potatoes and green salad alongside. garnish each plate with a wedge of lemon.1. preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., 2. place the butter in the bowl of a food processor and add the scallions, garlic, 3 teaspoons lemon juice and lemon zest. pulse to blend. transfer the mixture to a bowl add the walnuts and season with salt and pepper. add the breadcrumbs and stir to blend set aside., 3. heat 12 cup water in a large skillet until boiling. place clams into the pan and cover with a lid. let clams steam for 3 minutes or until some of the clams begin to open. remove clams from pan and let sit until they are cool enough to handle. pry the clam shells open using a butter knife, remove and discard the upper shell. use a small knife to detach the clam body from the shell. loosely mold some of the breadcrumb mixture into each of the shells so the clam body is somewhat covered. arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet. bake for 10 minutes., 4. preheat the broiler and broil them for a minute, watching them constantly so they dont burn. remove them from the oven. drizzle with the remaining 1 teaspoon lemon juice. top each clam with parsley. serve immediately., 2013 john b. sanfilippo  son, inc. fisher is a registered trademark of john b. sanfilippo  son, inc.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., salt and pepper the fish sticks. place the flour on a rimmed plate and season with the garlic, mixing with a fork, and set aside., place the bread and herbs if using in a food processor and pulse until uniform, but not too small. season with salt and pepper. transfer the breadcrumbs to a shallow baking dish or rimmed plate and set aside., whisk the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a medium bowl. dredge a piece of fish in the flour, gently shake off excess, and then dip the fish in the egg mixture, then the breadcrumbs, gently pressing into the crumbs. repeat with the remaining pieces of fish., place a metal cooling rack on top of a baking sheet, and mist with olive oil. place the fish sticks on the rack and bake until the fish is cooked through, about 12 minutes. for even browning, you can turn the fish over halfway through cooking time and spray the second side with olive oil.position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees f using the convection setting, if available. place a baking sheet on one of the racks to preheat., prepare the chips cut the potatoes into 14inchthick sticks. toss with the olive oil and cayenne in a bowl. carefully remove the hot baking sheet from the oven, add the potatoes and spread in an even layer. use a rubber spatula to scrape any oil from the bowl over the potatoes. bake on the top oven rack, turning once, until browned and crisp, 25 to 30 minutes. season with salt., meanwhile, make the fish set a wire rack on a baking sheet and coat with cooking spray. lightly crush the cereal in a bowl with your fingers. add 2 teaspoons salt, and black pepper to taste. in another bowl, whisk the egg whites and a pinch of salt until frothy., dip the fish in the egg whites, then roll in the cereal crumbs to coat. place the fish pieces on the rack position them on their sides so that the majority of the crust is exposed and mist with cooking spray., bake the fish on the bottom oven rack until crisp and just cooked through, about 12 minutes. season with salt and black pepper. serve the fish and chips with tartar sauce andor malt vinegar, if desired.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., in a large skillet, saute zucchini and tomatoes in olive oil over medium heat for 5 minutes. remove skillet from heat and stir in vinegar and scallions. sprinkle with pepper., arrange fish steaks in one layer in a medium oiled baking dish. pour tomato and zucchini mixture over fish. bake for 15 minutes or until fish is done., recipe provided by low cholesterol olive oil cookbookdirections, salad combine all ingredients., place the citrus juices in a saucepan and stir over medium heat until it is reduced by 12. at that point set it aside. bring the sake to a boil, dissolve in the maple syrup, let this cool. once it is cool, take the 4 fillets sablefish, place in a nonreactive deep dish pan, or small pan and cover with the sakemaple syrup mixture and marinate this for 24 hours, refrigerated., take the sablefish out of the marinade. on a damp cloth simply spot the fish and then, on a large cookie sheet lined with either parchment paper or waxed paper, place the fish skinside up and fleshside down, bake in preheated 375 degree oven for 10 minutes, then remove from heat., quickly bring the orange, grapefruit and lemon juice to a boil, stir in the butter until dissolved. add soy sauce. check for seasoning. in 4 individual bowls equally divide the orange segments, grapefruit segments and lemon segments, place some of the soy and orange sauce in the bowls, place the fish on the top of the citrus, the salad on top of the fish and serve immediately.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., grease a baking dish with nonstick spray. arrange the fish fillets in the prepared baking dish to cover the bottom. in a bowl, combine the bread crumbs with melted butter, crabmeat, and artichokes. slice the tomato thinly and arrange the slices over the fish. spread the cheese over the tomatoes. top with the buttered crumb mixture. bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fish is white and flaky.in a skillet heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot, add the onion and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the onion, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it is golden. add the tomato, garlic, basil, and thyme and cook the mixture until thick, stirring occasionally, about 3 to 5 minutes more. spoon half the tomato mixture into an oiled shallow flameproof baking dish just large enough to hold the fish in one layer, arrange the fish fillets on top of the tomato mixture, and sprinkle them with salt and pepper, to taste. spoon the remaining tomato mixture over the fish and bake it in a preheated 375 degree f oven, covered with foil, until the fish just flakes about 15 minutes., with a spatula, carefully transfer the fish to a large plate. bring the tomato mixture in the baking dish to a simmer over moderate heat, add the broth and cornstarch mixture and the tomato paste, and simmer the sauce, stirring, until it is thickened. let it cool. carefully transfer the fish and its sauce to a flat freezer container with a tightfitting lid, arranging the fish in a single layer. freeze the fish for up to one month., to reheat defrost the fish, covered, in the refrigerator. transfer the fish to a baking dish and bake the fish, covered with foil, in a preheated 375 degree f oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until it is heated through. correct the seasoning, adding salt and pepper, to taste, and sprinkle the baked halibut with the minced parsley before serving.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., grease a baking dish with nonstick spray. arrange the fish fillets in the prepared baking dish to cover the bottom. in a bowl, combine the bread crumbs with melted butter, crabmeat, and artichokes. slice the tomato thinly and arrange the slices over the fish. spread the cheese over the tomatoes. top with the buttered crumb mixture. bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fish is white and flaky.preheat oven to 450 degrees f., in a medium gratin dish or baking dish, make a bed of herbs with the thyme, parsley and bay leaves, scatter the garlic on top. reserve 4 parsley sprigs, for garnish. season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper and lay on top of the herbs. add in the vermouth, and drizzle 2 tablespoons of the oil over the fish, cover loosely with foil. bake until the fish is opaque, about 20 to 22 minutes., carefully, pour the pan juices into a small saucepan and set the fish aside. keep the garlic and 4 thyme sprigs for garnish. bring the sauce to a boil, over high heat, reduce by about 12, about 5 minutes. whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon juice. season with salt and pepper, to taste. set aside. debone the fish running a spoon handle along each side of the center bone, then lift the bone out. peel side off and discard. divide fish steaks in half crosswise, among 4 serving plates. pour sauce over fish and serve with a dollop of tapenade, if using, on top and garnish with the thyme sprigs, garlic, and tomatoes., to make the tapenade combine the olives, oil, thyme, and lemon zest, stir to combine. season with pepper and set aside.preheat oven to 425 degrees f., in a food processor add panko, butter, fresh herbs, garlic and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. process until well combined then set aside while you prepare the lobster., place the lobster halves flesh side up in a roasting tray. top with the pankomixture. drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. bake in the hot oven for 30 to 35 minutes until the top is golden brown. serve whole with a shell cracker, or split claw shells slightly with the heel of your knife and section the tail into pieces. serve with fresh lemon wedges, mixed lettuce and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and lemon juice.position a rack in the upper third of the oven preheat to 425 degrees f. brush a baking sheet with olive oil set aside. cut the cod crosswise into 34inchthick pieces about 16. season generously with salt., heat the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. add the panko and cook, tossing, until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. transfer to a shallow dish and let cool completely., add the parmesan to the panko. spread the flour in a separate shallow dish. lightly beat the egg whites in a third shallow dish., dredge the fish in the flour, then dip in the beaten egg whites, letting the excess drip off, then dip in the panko mixture, patting to adhere. transfer to the prepared baking sheet., bake until the fish is cooked through and the coating is golden brown and crisp, 15 to 18 minutes. serve with warm marinara sauce.preheat the oven to 325 degrees. butter 2 pieces of foil or parchment paper and set aside. season salmon with salt and pepper. saute the vegetables in the butter for 2 to 3 minutes just until they begin to get tender. add the cream and cook until most of it has been absorbed by the vegetables season with salt and pepper. place each salmon fillet on the piece of buttered parchment or foil and top with cooked vegetables. seal the salmon and place the pouch on a baking sheet. bake for 10 minutes. remove the pouches from the oven transfer the salmon, vegetables and their juices to a heated plate. serve as is just with french bread or with a side dish of cucumber curls and mint.preheat oven to 375 degrees. on a large piece of foil, drizzle olive oil and top with fish fillets. top with leeks and red pepper. season with dried tarragon, salt and pepper. splash fish with 34 tablespoons wine. fold foil up into a package and place on baking sheet. bake for 20 minutespreheat oven to 400 degrees. wipe shad fillets with damp paper towel. season both fillets with salt and pepper and wine. lay one fillet on a large piece of foil and spoon stuffing onto fillet. top with second shad fillet, dot with butter and wrap up in foil. place whole package onto a baking sheet and bake about 30 minutes until fish flakes easily. serve immediately.in a large skillet, heat the butter and oil. add the onion, zucchini, and mushrooms. cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring often, until the vegetables are softened and lightly browned, about 6 minutes. add the scallops, shrimp and seafood seasoning and cook, stirring, until the seafood is just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the heat., add the cracker crumbs and season to taste with salt and pepper. the stuffing can be made up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated. leftover stuffing can be frozen. bring to room temperature or take the chill off in the microwave before stuffing the fish., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., brush a large glass baking dish generously with melted butter., season the fish fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. arrange 4 of the fillets in the baking dish. cover with stuffing, pressing it in to make an even layer, and top with the remaining fillets. if some of the seafood stuffing spills out into the dish, thats fine. brush the fish with melted butter., bake in the preheated oven until the fish is opaque in its thickest part and the stuffing is heated through, 20 to 30 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish. garnish with lemon wedges for squeezing over the fish.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., place swordfish steaks in large shallow baking dish and season with salt and pepper. spread tapenade on top of steaks. pour orange juice and wine over and around the fish and cover with foil. bake until fish is just cooked through, and still opaque, about 8 to 10 minutes., remove the baking pan from oven and transfer fish to platter. pour remaining liquid into a small saucepan and reduce slightly. whisk in butter and spoon sauce over fish. garnish with orange slices and minced parsley., preheat oven to 400 degrees. cut the tomatoes in half, crosswise. with your index finger poke out the seeds from the cavities. sprinkle the halves lightly with salt and put the tomato upside down on a rack to drain for 20 minutes or more. blend all of the remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl. correct the seasoning. sprinkle the insides of each tomato half with black pepper, then fill with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of the stuffing. sprinkle with a few drops of olive oil. arrange the tomatoes in the oiled baking dish. they can be prepared up to this point several hours ahead. place the baking dish in the upper third of the preheated oven and bake the tomatoes until tender but still holding their shape, 10 to 15 minutes. the bread crumb filling should be lightly browned., 4 servings, preparation time 10 minutes cooking time 15 minutes inactive prep time 20 minutespreheat oven to 400 degrees f., place swordfish steaks in large shallow baking dish and season with salt and pepper. spread tapenade on top of steaks. pour orange juice and wine over and around the fish and cover with foil. bake until fish is just cooked through, and still opaque, about 8 to 10 minutes., remove the baking pan from oven and transfer fish to platter. pour remaining liquid into a small saucepan and reduce slightly. whisk in butter and spoon sauce over fish. garnish with orange slices and minced parsley.preheat oven to 400 degrees f. place swordfish steaks in large shallow baking dish and season with salt and pepper. spread tapenade on top of steaks. pour orange juice and wine over and around the fish and cover with foil. bake until fish is just cooked through, and still opaque, about 8 to 10 minutes., remove the baking pan from oven and transfer fish to platter. pour remaining liquid into a small saucepan and reduce slightly. whisk in butter and spoon sauce over fish. garnish with orange slices and minced parsley., preheat oven to 400 degrees. cut the tomatoes in half, crosswise. with your index finger poke out the seeds from the cavities. sprinkle the halves lightly with salt and put the tomato upside down on a rack to drain for 20 minutes or more. blend all of the remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl. correct the seasoning. sprinkle the insides of each tomato half with black pepper, then fill with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of the stuffing. sprinkle with a few drops of olive oil. arrange the tomatoes in the oiled baking dish. they can be prepared up to this point several hours ahead. place the baking dish in the upper third of the preheated oven and bake the tomatoes until tender but still holding their shape, 10 to 15 minutes. the bread crumb filling should be lightly browned., yield 4 servings, preparation time 10 minutes cooking time 15 minutes inactive prep time 20 minutesin a rectangular dish, large enough to hold the 2 duck halves, mix the marinade ingredients together. liberally rub the duck on all sides and inside the cavity with the mixture. cover and place in the refrigerator for 4 hours to marinate., prepare a fryer filled with coconut or peanut oil, preheat to 225 degrees f. wipe off all the mixture and braise the duck in the oil. duck should be completely submerged. remove the duck after 1 hour, it should be fully cooked. heat the fryer to 400 degrees f oven degrees and fry the duck again to color and crisp up., on a large oval platter, place a large mound of the root vegetable mash in the center. place duck on top and garnish with warm exotic fruit salsa and sambal oil., in a large stockpot, add the root vegetables and garlic. top with cold water and bring to a boil. slowly boil until the pieces are fully cooked and a knife can easily pierce the pieces., drain well, dry out the stock pot, and place vegetables back in. meanwhile, in a saucepot, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter and sweat the scallions. add the cream and reduce by 50 percent, about 5 minutes. add the cream to the pot and mash by hand. add the butter, season with salt and pepper, and check for flavor., in a saute pan on high heat, coated lightly with oil, saute the onions, ginger, chile, and lemongrass until soft. add the fruit and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. season with salt and pepper and check for flavor., mix all together.peel off and discard the tough, old outer layers called bracts of the banana blossom. use a japanese mandolin with the thinnest setting and cut into fine julienne strips immediately plunge into large bowl of cold water and the white vinegar. when ready to prepare the salad, remove the julienne strips and shake off the tiny white buds chopped up baby buds. rinse and drain. squeeze dry of the excess water. place 4 cups wellpacked strips into a bowl. add the white vinaigrette and toss for a few seconds. pour off the excess liquid., in a separate bowl, toss the shredded chicken with salt, pepper, and lime juice. add the grapefruit, rau rum, and chili fish sauce and mix together thoroughly., to serve, mound the salad equally onto 4 separate plates. top each salad with 1 tablespoon crispy shallot flakes and 1 tablespoon chopped peanuts. serve immediately., mix all ingredients together in a medium bowl until the sugar and salt are dissolved. set aside.for the marinade combine the orange juice, soy sauce, ginger, sugar, jalapenos, garlic, cinnamon and star anise. pour the marinade over the wings and marinate in the refrigerator overnight., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., remove the wings from marinade and place on a baking sheet. roast for 30 minutes., for the bananagarlic sauce in a large pot set over low heat, melt the butter and toast the garlic until dark golden brown, 15 minutes. add the fish sauce, orange juice, maple syrup, chili sauce, banana liqueur, bananas, orange juice and zest. bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer for 20 minutes. puree the sauce in a blender, and then set aside., for the dipping sauce place the pineapple juice and sugar in a small saucepot set over medium heat and cook to reduce by onethird 6 ounces, about 1 hour. it should be slightly caramelized. chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour., add the reduced juice mixture to the sour cream and mix., for the plantains heat the oil in a large, heavybottomed saucepan set over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees f. carefully peel the plantains, taking care to avoid getting the peels under your fingernails. then cut the plantains into 12inchthick slices. fry the plantain slices for 3 minutes., preheat the grill to high heat., grill the wings until golden brown. meanwhile, reheat the bananagarlic sauce in a stockpot. add the grilled wings and fried plantains to the sauce and toss until everything is glazed and very hot. serve the wings and plantains on a platter with the dipping sauce in a bowl on the side.for the patties in a medium mixing bowl, combine the pork, beef and shrimp. do not over mix as this will cause the proteins to become sticky. portion into four 7ounce burger patties and refrigerate for 1 hour or until ready to use., for the banh mi marinade in a large mixing bowl, whisk the fish sauce and sugar until the sugar is dissolved. add the curry paste and whisk until its completely broken up. add the lime juice, ginger, turmeric, garlic, lemongrass, chile, shallot, lime leaves, basil and mint and mix well., for the curry aioli combine the mayo, sugar, fish sauce, lime juice, curry powder, ginger juice, sriracha and turmeric and whisk until smooth. set aside and chill., for the nuoc mam sauce in a mixing bowl, whisk the sugar and hot water until dissolved. add the fish sauce, vinegar, garlic and chile and mix well., to assemble preheat a grill to medium to mediumhigh heat. dip the patties into the banh mi marinade and grill to desired doneness. during the grilling process, continue to dip the patties in the marinade to form a flavorful crust on the outside of the patties., grill or toast the buns. next, grill the pork loaf slices about 2 minutes on each side., place a burger patty on the bottom bun followed by 2 slices pork loaf. add 1 teaspoon curry aioli, and then the carrots and daikon. finish with the lettuce and the top bun. repeat with the remaining ingredients. serve the nuoc mam on the side as a dipping sauce.in a large bowl, toss the cucumber, carrot, radish, mint, cilantro and scallions with the fish sauce, salt and lime juice. let the slaw stand 10 minutes., preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. butterfly the hotdogs by slicing lengthwise about threequarters of the way through. grill the hot dogs until browned and a little crispy, about 3 minutes per side. butter one side of each baguette piece and toast until golden brown., spread 1 tablespoon of the mayonnaise on one side of 4 of the baguette pieces. put a hot dog on top of each, followed by some slaw, torn basil leaves and jalapeno slices. top with a remaining baguette piece.for the pickled carrot and red radish toss the sliced radishes and carrots with the salt and sugar in a medium bowl. let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. pour the rice vinegar over the mixture. cover and refrigerate at least 24 hours or up to one week., for the braised pulled pork preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., rub the pork with the salt and pepper. heat the olive oil in a dutch oven or brazier pan over mediumhigh heat for about 2 minutes. carefully place the pork into the hot pan, fatside down. cook until browned, 4 to 5 minutes. use tongs to carefully turn the pork, cooking on all sides until browned, 5 to 10 minutes more., transfer the pork to a plate, leaving all its juices in the pan. add the bacon, carrot, celery, onion, bell pepper and garlic and cook, stirring often, until starting to brown, about 2 minutes. add the chili powder, allspice, chiles de arbol, bay leaves, rosemary and thyme. continue cooking over medium heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. add the cider, and stir, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. add the chicken broth, and bring to a boil. remove the pan from the heat., place the pork in the pan, on top of the vegetables. cover the pan, and place it in the oven. cook until the pork is soft to the touch and shreds easily, 5 to 6 hours. carefully remove the pork from the pan, and shred it with tongs in a large bowl or pot. strain and discard the solids, saving the braising liquid. pour the strained liquid over the shredded pork., for the umami sauce combine the vegetable broth, soy sauce, fish sauce, brown sugar, sesame seeds, peppercorns, garlic, green onions, bacon, cloves, carrot, cinnamon stick, ginger, jalapeno, yellow onion and star anise in a large pot. simmer the mixture over low heat for 90 minutes to allow the flavors to develop. strain and discard the solids, saving the liquid. in a small bowl, stir together the cold water and cornstarch to create a slurry. stir the slurry into the hot liquid until it is thick. set the sauce aside until the pork is ready., pour the umami sauce over the pork and use tongs to toss. this can be done the day before servingjust reheat the pork when you are ready to assemble the tacos., for the sriracha mayo stir together the mayonnaise and sriracha in a small bowl until combined., for the tacos preheat a griddle or large frying pan over medium heat. for each taco, hold 2 corn tortillas together, dip them in a bowl of roomtemperature water and count to three. place the tortillas, still together, on the hot griddle, and cook until hot and beginning to blister on each side, about 45 seconds. stack the hot tortillas on a plate., sprinkle each set of tortillas with cilantro, sliced jalapenos and pickled carrot and red radish. top with some umami pork, and drizzle with sriracha mayo.for the pickled carrots in a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, vinegar, and salt until dissolved. add the carrots, toss to coat and allow to pickle for about 2 hours. for the pork combine the soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar, fivespice powder, garam masala, black pepper, garlic and shallots in a resealable plastic bag. seal and shake until well dissolved. add the pork to the bag, massage the marinade into the pork and marinate for 1 hour. when youre ready to cook the pork, grab a large castiron skillet. place the pan over high heat until it is smoking. using a pair of tongs, pull each pork chop out of the marinade, shake off the excess and place it in the pan. dont crowd the pan  no meat should be touching you want the meat to sear, not steam. after about 2 minutes, flip each chop it should be a caramel brown color. cook another minute on the other side and remove from the pan. if youre cooking in batches, cook the remaining chops. slice the chops into thin strips. for the sandwiches warm the tortillas up over an open flame so they become soft and pliable. i also like to char them a little if you dont have a gas stove, warm them in a pan over medium heat, or pop them in a microwave for 10 to 15 seconds. smear a little mayo down the middle of the tortilla. then, pile a little layer of pickled carrots, some cucumber slices, a few sprigs of cilantro, some mint leaves, pork chop strips, a few slices of chiles a and squeeze of fresh lime juice over the top. wrap, and secure with toothpick. wrap in parchment paper if youre taking them to the beach, or just eat right away if youre not, add the green cardamom seeds, cloves, black cardamom seeds and cinnamon sticks to a spicecoffee grinder and grind until fine. store in an airtight container away from direct sunlight.for the marinade, pound the garlic, sugar, and shallots in a mortar into a paste. add the fish sauce, sesame seeds, black pepper, sesame oil, and lemon grass. the lower third of the stalk of lemon grass should be sliced thinly, then minced, before adding to the mortar. its best to mince in a food processor., slice beef into thin crosswise slices, 18inch thick, place in a bowl and cover with marinade for about 1 hour., preheat a ridged grill or broiler and place the meat on the hot grill. cook for 1 minute on each side. cool to room temperature., cook the rice sticks in boiling water for about 4 minutes. drain, rinse, and set aside., to serve, set out 4 to 6 bowls and arrange the food in the following manner, place some shredded cucumber and lettuce in the bottom of each bowl, then sprinkle on some of the mint and coriander. distribute the noodles among the bowls. arrange the meat over the noodles. sprinkle with more mint and cilantro, plus the chopped peanuts. add a few pieces of shredded hot pepper on top and decorate with a sprig of cilantro., serve with a bowl of nuoc cham to sprinkle on top., for nuoc cham, peel garlic. split the chile and remove seeds and membrane. cut into pieces and put into mortar with garlic and sugar. pound to a paste. squeeze the lime juice into the paste and with a small knife remove the pulp from the lime section and add it as well. mash this mixture and add the fish sauce and water.preheat the grill., coat each catfish fillet with the dry rub. dip the fish into the oil and place the fillets on a hot grill to establish grill marks. after establishing grill marks and the fillets release from the grill, place the catfish into a smoker. smoke for 2 minutes using the hickory wood chips. add water to the chips and steam the fish for another 2 minutes. remove the catfish from the smoker and serve immediately with homemade tartar sauce., mix all ingredients together in a small bowl. season with salt, to taste. chill, covered, in the refrigerator until ready to serve.put the rice into a medium pot and pour in 6 cups cold water. put the pot over mediumhigh heat, cover, and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the water is absorbed, 20 to 30 minutes. reserve 2 cups cooked rice for rice pudding with coconut milk recipe., remove the chicken breasts from the bone and slice into thin strips. reserve the bones and the legs, thighs, and wings for round 2 recipe coconut chicken soup. in a large wok or skillet over high heat, add the oil. when the oil is hot, add the chicken and stirfry until it is almost completely cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. add the onions and peppers and cook until slightly softened but still crisp, about 3 minutes. add the chile and garlic and cook 1 minute., to a bowl, add 2 tablespoons water, sugar, soy sauce, and fish sauce. stir and pour over the chicken and onions and cook for another minute. add the basil and remove from the heat once it has wilted. add the lime juice into the chicken mixture and stir. serve hot over rice.cook the rice in a 4quart saucepan of boiling salted water with the lemongrass, shallot, kaffir lime leaf, and garlic, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. drain the rice and discard the lemongrass, shallot, lime leaf, and garlic., heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. add the ginger and shallot. cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture is translucent. add the cooked rice, soy sauce, fish sauce, thai basil, mint leaves, and cilantro and toss until well combined. add the lime juice and adjust the seasoning, if necessary., in a large skillet or on a plancha griddle on high heat, sear the sausage in olive oil on all sides until cooked through., heat a nonstick skillet over high heat and add enough oil to thinly coat the bottom of the pan. cook the quail eggs sunny side up., for each serving, spoon basil fried rice onto the bottom of 6 warm plates and slide a quail egg on top. place a spoonful of green papaya slaw on the side and arrange two sausages on top. garnish the plate with a few drops of harissa sauce and a sprinkle of peanuts, and serve hot., in a small pot, combine the sugar, garlic, lime juice, and fish sauce and simmer until the sugar is dissolved. let the mixture cool completely., in a nonreactive bowl, combine the papaya, scallion, cilantro, chile, and lime juice mixture. toss to combine the ingredients and refrigerate, covered, for at least one day before serving.directions, heat a 6 or 8quart heavy bottomed soup or sauce pot over a low heat and add the bacon. once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook the bacon until crisp golden brown. leave the bacon pieces and the fat in the pan. add the butter, onion, thyme and bay leaf. saute them for about 8 minutes over a medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened, but not browned. add the potatoes and fish stock. the stock should just barely cover the potatoes. if it doesnt add enough water to cover them. turn up the heat and bring to a boil. cover the pot and cook the potatoes vigorously for about 8 minutes. add the diced cabbage, reduce heat to medium, and simmer for 5 more minutes. season with salt and pepper. the potatoes should be firm in the center and soft on the outside. if the broth hasnt thickened, lightly smash a few potatoes against the side of the pot and simmer 1 or 2 minutes longer to release their starches. remove the pot from the heat. stir in the scallops and let sit for 5 minutes. add the cream and let sit 10 more minutes while the scallops finish their slow cooking. retaste the chowder and adjust the salt and pepper. if you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit then refrigerate. cover the chowder after it has completely chilled. otherwise, let it sit for up to an hour, allowing the flavors to meld. when ready to serve, reheat over a low heat and dont let the chowder boil. use a slotted spoon to mound the pieces of scallop, potato, cabbage and bacon in the center of large soup plates or shallow bowls and ladle the creamy broth around. sprinkle generously with sliced scallions., recipe courtesy of jasper white, author, lobster at homemix together crabmeat, cornbread, spinach, pine nuts, mustard and salt and pepper. lay fish skin side up and top with 2 12 ounces stuffing. roll tightly and refrigerate until set. dredge in seasoned flour, dip in buttermilk, and roll through fish fry mix. deep fry at 350 degrees f until light brown. remove to sheet pan and finish in a preheated 350 degree f oven until temperature of 150 degrees f. top with 1 12 ounces cajun beurre blanc and garnish with lemon., in heavy saucepan, add all ingredients except butter and cream. reduce the liquid over low heat. add heavy cream and reduce by half. slowly add butter, whipping continuouslyalternating pan on and off flame. strain and add seasoning.in a medium saucepan, combine vegetable stock, fish sauce, soy, preserved radish and white pepper. after the mixture has come to a simmer, add bean curd cubes and cook for about a minute. add scallions and allow to warm through. ladle into bowls and serve with lime wedges.make the broth position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees f. toss the beef shanks, onions, ginger and garlic with the vegetable oil on a rimmed baking sheet and season generously with salt. roast, turning once halfway through, until the meat and vegetables are slightly charred, about 30 minutes. transfer to a large pot., meanwhile, toast the cinnamon sticks, star anise pods and peppercorns in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking the pan, 5 minutes., add the beef broth, 2 quarts water, the toasted spices and the fish sauce to the pot with the beef shanks. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. cook, skimming off any foam that rises to the top, until the meat is tender, 1 hour to 1 hour, 30 minutes. remove from the heat and transfer the beef shanks to a cutting board strain the broth through a finemesh sieve into another large pot. the broth can be made up to 2 days ahead let cool, then refrigerate in a covered container., shred the meat from the shanks with two forks, discarding any bits of cartilage, then stir back into the broth. discard the bones., cook the noodles as the label directs. divide the broth and shredded meat among bowls, then add the noodles and roast beef. top with the bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and red onion serve with hoisin sauce andor sriracha.in a large pot, submerge the oxtail in cold water, add 3 tablespoons salt and soak for 1 hour, then drain., to make the spice pouch, dry roast each ingredient separately in a frying pan over medium heat until fragrant., cool, then coarsely grind the spice using a mortar and pestle or small spice grinder. add the ground spices to the muslin square and tie up tightly in a knot. set aside., heat a barbecue grill or chargill pan over mediumhigh heat and grill the unpeeled garlic, onions and ginger evenly for 15 minutes in total until all sides are blackened., now peel the blackened skins and discard them, and then roughly chop. by doing this, the garlic, onion and ginger becomes sweet and fragrant, releasing more flavour into the stock., put the oxtail, brisket and 200 fluid ounces 6 litres cold water in a stockpot and bring to the boil. while the stock is boiling, constantly skim any impurities off the surface for 15 minutes this will ensure a clean, clear broth, then reduce the heat to a low simmer., add the fish sauce, remaining 1 tablespoon salt, rock sugar, garlic, onions, ginger, and spice pouch., cover and simmer for 3 hours, or until the stock has reduced to almost 12., strain the stock through a muslin cloth. remove the brisket, set aside to cool, then thinly slice., blanch each portion of noodles in boiling water for 20 seconds., drain, then transfer to a serving bowl., place 3 or 4 slices of brisket on top of the noodles, followed by 3 or 4 pieces of raw sirloin. pour over the hot stock to cover the noodles and beef., serve with 1 tablespoon spring onion, a pinch of black pepper, and a coriander sprig to each bowl., at the table, add chile, and a squeeze of lime.put the beef bones, oxtail, beef chuck and 1 tablespoon salt in a large pot and add cold water to cover by 2 inches. bring to a boil over high heat and boil vigorously until the surface of the water is foamy, about 10 minutes. drain the bones and meat in a colander discarding the liquid and rinse well with cold water. clean the inside of the pot, put the blanched bones and meat back into it and add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. bring to a boil over high heat then reduce to mediumlow and simmer for 15 minutes, skimming and discarding any foam that rises to the surface., meanwhile char the onion and ginger over an open flame until well blackened on both sides. alternatively you may place them on a foillined baking sheet and broil on high, turning once, until well charred, about 10 minutes. add the onion, ginger, fish sauce, cloves, star anise, cinnamon, black peppercorns and rock sugar to the pot and continue to simmer. skim the surface of the soup often to remove the fat and foam that rises. if necessary, add water during cooking to keep the bones submerged. cook until a paring knife pierces the chuck easily and comes out with little resistance and the oxtail meat pulls easily away from the bone, 3 12 to 4 hours., remove the meat and bones from the pot with a slotted spoon or spider to a rimmed baking sheet. discard the larger bones and let the chuck and oxtail cool enough to handle, 10 minutes. meanwhile pour the broth through a finemesh strainer into a clean pot and keep hot over mediumlow heat. you should have about 12 cups of broth. put the rice noodles into a large bowl and cover with hot water. let the noodles soak until soft, 10 to 15 minutes, then drain and divide between 6 serving bowls., pick the oxtail meat from the bones and divide it between the bowls. thinly slice the beef chuck across the grain of the meat and divide it between the bowls. divide the sliced eye of round between the bowls and then ladle the hot broth over. top with the cilantro and onion and serve with the bean sprouts, basil, lime, sriracha and hoisin on the side.combine marinade ingredients in a shallow pan or bowl. add beef and marinate, in the refrigerator, for 1 to 3 hours. meanwhile, soak wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes., preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. skewer the meat and then grill for 2 to 3 minutes or until the desired degree of doneness. serve with peanut sauce., heat peanut oil in a saute pan over low heat. add garlic and sweat cook until it softens and releases moisture but does not color over low heat until fragrant, approximately 1 minute. add the chile peppers and continue to cook for another minute. add remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer. adjust the consistency with additional water, if necessary.directions, 1. in a small heavy skillet, combine the cashews and coriander seeds and place over medium heat. cook, shaking the skillet frequently, until the cashews are lightly browned and the coriander is fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes., 2. in a food processor, combine the toasted cashews, coriander, shallots, garlic, ginger, sambal, fish sauce, brown sugar, and lime juice process until almost smooth., 3. slice the beef against the grain into 14inch thick slices. thread the beef onto the skewers. coat the beef with the cashew mixture, cover, and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight., 4. prepare a grill for high heat cooking. brush the grill grate with oil. grill the skewers, turning once, until the beef is browned, 4 to 5 minutes. serve over pickled cucumber salad with lime wedges., pickled cucumber salad, 1. toast the coriander seeds in small hot pan over medium heat until fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes., 2. combine the toasted coriander with the vinegar, sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, and chile in a large shallow pan. bring to a boil over medium heat and cook 5 minutes., 3. turn off the heat and add the cucumbers and carrots let sit, covered, 20 minutes. drain the cucumber and carrot mixture.place the beef strips in a mediumsized bowl and pour the teriyaki sauce over them. add 1 tablespoon of ginger, 1 tablespoon garlic and the salt to the bowl and stir to combine. marinate, refrigerated, while you make the dipping sauce. in a small bowl, combine the remaining ginger, peanut butter and coconut milk in a small bowl and whisk together. add the sesame oil, soy sauce, brown sugar, lime juice, fish sauce, cayenne pepper and 1 teaspoon garlic to the bowl and whisk to combine. place the sauce in a serving bowl and garnish with the cilantro and chopped peanuts. to serve the satays, setup a hibachi or indoor grill on the dining table with the carrots, celery and shiso around the grill. remove the beef strips from the refrigerator and use skewers to thread the meat. have your guests grill the satays themselves over the grill, about 30 seconds to 1 minute on each side for mediumrare. serve, with the dipping sauce and veggies on the side.in a smoking hot fry pan or wok, add the vegetable oil and lemongrass and cook until fragrant, then add the garlic and chiles., now add the beef and stir fry for 2 minutes, then season with the fish sauce, soy sauce, and sugar. add the betel leaves and stir fry for a further minute., transfer the mixture to a plate and garnish with sliced chile and coriander cilantro., serve with steamed jasmine rice.in a mixing bowl, combine the beef, lemon grass, spring onions, garlic, salt and pepper. allow flavors to infuse for at least 15 minutes., meanwhile, pick the individual betel leaves and wash in cold water. lay the leaves flat on a cloth to dry., to form the rolls, lay a large betel leaf or 2 smaller leaves, shiny side down, on a board with the stem of the leaf pointing towards you. spoon approximately 1 tablespoon of the beef mixture onto the bottom edge of the leaf. work it into a sausage shape, then roll the leaf from bottom to top and place the seam flat on your bench to stop the leaf from unrolling. repeat this process until you have used all of the beef. the mixture should make about 20 rolls., cook the parcels, seam down first, on a grill or barbecue hotplate over medium heat, turning to color all over, for about 5 minutes, or until done., place the cooked parcels on a bed of vermicelli noodles, and then drizzle with a tablespoon of nuoc mam dipping fish sauce and garnish with fried red shallots, peanuts and chilli., combine the fish sauce, rice vinegar, sugar and 12 cup of water in a saucepan and place over medium heat. stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then remove from the heat and allow to cool. to serve, add the garlic and chilli, then stir in the lime juice. store tightly sealed in a jar in the fridge, for up to 5 days. yield about 1 cupin a dutch oven, heat oil to 375 degrees f., fry potatoes until golden brown, roughly 10 minutes removing with a slotted spoon or spider. hold in low oven to keep warm while cooking the fish., preheat oven to 225 degrees f., batter, in a large bowl, pour in 1 bottle of beer. sift 1 12 cups flour into the bowl, whisking in gently until just combined, stir in house seasoning. pat fish dry and season on both sides with salt and pepper and coat the fish in the beer batter. dredge the pieces of fish in 12 cup of remaining flour and slide into oil as coated. fry fish, turning over frequently, until deep golden and cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet and keep warm in oven. fry remaining fish in batches, returning oil to 375 degrees f between batches., serve fish with french fries., mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months.preheat oven to 300 degrees f., to make the batter, puree the chipotles and egg together in a blender. when well blended transfer to a bowl and whisk in the beer. in a separate mixing bowl combine the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt. add the egg mixture to the flour mixture, whisking well to prevent clumps. add freshly ground pepper. set the batter aside while preparing the other ingredients., for the fish tacos, in a small mixing bowl mix together the sour cream, 2 tablespoons of the chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice and 1 teaspoon gray salt, mix well and remove to a serving bowl., in a large pot or skillet add corn oil about 1 to 2inches deep. over medium heat, heat the corn oil to 350 degrees f., on a large serving plate arrange the tomatoes, lime wedges, chopped cilantro, and sliced radishes to garnish tacos., wrap the tortillas in aluminum foil and heat in the oven while frying the fish., with your fingers dip the fish strips into the batter and carefully place in the hot oil. fry until golden brown all over, about 2 minutes on each side. with a slotted spoon remove the fish to a paper towel. to assemble the tacos place 1 piece of the fried fish on a warm tortilla and garnish with tomatoes, chopped cilantro, radishes, and sour cream. serve with lime wedges and todds slaw., core the cabbage and shave thinly. peel the red onion, cut in half, and slice thin and mix well with the cabbage., boil the cider vinegar and sugar together whisking to dissolve sugar. when hot combine with olive oil, caraway seeds, salt and pepper. place cabbage and onions in a nonreactive baking dish and pour hot dressing over the top. place another pan of equal size on top and place a weight on top to press the slaw. refrigerate for 24 hours. before serving add chopped scallions.clean mussels by scrubbing their shells with a brush while rinsing under cold running water. if necessary, use a paring knife to tug and cut out weedy beards coming out of the bottom of the shells. pick through mussels and discard any with broken or open shells that wont close when you tap them. heat a large, dry skillet over mediumhigh heat. add mussels, shallot, garlic and tomatoes and stir to combine. cook for two minutes and then add beer and continue cooking and stirring until shells open, about another four minutes., transfer mussels to serving bowls with a slotted spoon and continue to simmer liquid to reduce it slightly, scraping up any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. remove pan from heat and swirl in butter. stir in chervil or tarragon if using. pour broth over mussels, sprinkle pretzel crumbs over each portion if using and serve immediately.to prepare the eel, chop off the head leaving it attached on 1 side and skin from head to tail. cut the fillets from both sides of the backbone and cube into 1inch pieces., in a medium pot, combine monkfish, eel, carrots, bay leaves, and a pinch of salt and freshly ground black pepper. add just enough water to cover and bring to a boil. boil for 10 minutes and then strain, saving about 1 cup of the cooking liquid., in a large pot over medium heat, melt the butter and add the onions and potatoes. cook for 5 minutes, until vegetables are coated in butter and beginning to soften. add the bell peppers and plantains and cook, stirring often, until all the vegetables are softened, but not cooked through. add the coconut milk, coconut cream, heavy cream, tomatoes and reserved fish stock. bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium so chowder is simmering and add fish. add dried parsley, cayenne, salt, freshly ground black pepper, and curry powder to taste. add just enough paprika for a pinkish hue. simmer until the flavors have melded, the vegetables are cooked through, and the chowder has thickened slightly, about 25 to 35 minutes. serve with hot sauce if desired in a bowl or, more decoratively, a half a melon or coconut.in a heavy bottom pan, saute the onion and garlic until cooked. add the curry powder and herbs and cook for 1 minute. add the potato and flaked cod fish to the pan and mix together. season with salt and pepper. add enough cream to make the mixture workable. on a floured surface, shape the fish cakes and fry in shallow oil on each side for 5 to 6 minutes over a medium heat.heat up the olive oil in a thick heavy bottomed pan. add all the chopped vegetables, tomato and garlic and sweat off for 5 minutes, stirring continuously. add the flour, cinnamon and herbs and continue to cook for 2 minutes. add the fish stock and bring to a boil, then crumble the fish into the pan with the rum, worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. let simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. add salt and pepper, to taste.in a small sauce pot, combine jalapeno, mango juice, vinegar, chili flakes, and fish sauce. let reduce and thicken over medium heat. remove from heat and whisk in honey. keep warm., heat oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees f. shake flour, cornstarch, blackfish seasoning, garlic powder, cumin, cardamom, ground ginger, and salt together in a plastic bag. add shrimp to bag in small batches and shake to coat with flour mixture. deepfry until golden brown., remove to paper toweling to drain and coat with glaze. use cocktail toothpicks to serve.in a wok or large saute pan, add the grapeseed oil and when almost smoking, add the onions and bell peppers. saute, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. add the green beans and mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes more., add the bok choy, garlic, soy sauce, and fish sauce and saute until just wilted. add pepper, to taste, and serve immediately.add the pork butt, pork liver, onions, green bell peppers and 1 cup of the cajun seasoning to a large stockpot and cover with water about 10 gallons. cover the pot, bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat, reduce to a simmer and cook until the meat is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 1 12 hours. drain the cooking liquid from the meat and vegetable mixture and reserve for later use. allow the meat and vegetable mixture to cool slightly, then add it to a food processor or grinder and process to a mediumcoarse consistency., add the browning sauce to the reserved cooking liquid approximately 5 gallons and stir until well blended., add the cooked rice to the ground meat and vegetable mixture and season with the remaining 1 cup cajun seasoning. fold together well until it becomes a uniform mixture. add 7 to 8 quarts 28 to 32 cups of the reserved cooking liquidbrowning sauce mixture and combine until it is well mixed and has the consistency of a hearty stew. refrigerate the mixture until firm and easy to handle, at least 4 hours or overnight., fill a castiron pot halfway with cooking oil and heat over medium heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees f., in a large bowl, add the cornmeal breading mix and flour and mix to distribute evenly. using a 2 12inch scoop, form the cooled mixture into balls and roll in the coating mix. fry in the oil, in batches, until golden and crisp, about 6 minutes. let drain on paper towels and serve warm.put the crawfish boil seasoning in 10 gallons of water in 60gallon pot and bring to a rolling boil. once boiling, add the crawfish. bring back to a full boil and boil for 2 minutes more. turn off the heat and let the crawfish soak for at least 30 minutes. take the crawfish out and start eating. dont forget to suck the headspreheat a deepfryer to 350 degrees f., in a large bowl, add the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and cayenne and whisk to combine. whisk in the beer, being sure to remove any lumps., cut the catfish fillets in half lengthwise to make 2 strips. if desired, cut into bitesized pieces. in a small bowl add the salt, pepper and granulated garlic. season the fillets with some of the salt mixture. reserve the remaining salt mixture for another use., dip each strip in the beer batter and add to the fryer, a few at a time, moving them around so they dont stick. fry until brown and crispy, about 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the fryer to a serving platter. repeat with the remaining fillets and season the fish with lemon juice.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. prepare a baking sheet with foil and spray with canola oil., in a shallow pie plate or dish, mix the flour, garlic powder, paprika and 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, stirring well to combine. add the beaten egg whites to another pie plate or dish and then add the panko to another pie plate or dish. sprinkle the fish, flour, egg whites and panko lightly with salt and pepper and seafood seasoning. begin by taking 1 piece of fish at a time and dredging first in the flour, then into the egg whites, then the panko and then place it on the prepared baking sheet. repeat with the remaining pieces of fish. spray the tops of the fish sticks with canola oil., place the baking sheet into the oven and cook the fish for 8 minutes, turning once, and continue to cook another 8 minutes. remove the fish sticks and let cool for 5 minutes. serve the fish sticks with the funked up ketchup., combine all the ingredients in a small bowl and mix well.pour vegetable oil into a medium saucepan until 1inch deep and place the pan over medium heat. let the oil heat for about 3 minutes. as the oil heats, cut each wonton wrapper into 4 equally square pieces. very carefully drop the squares into the hot oil 1 at a time, working in batches of 4 at a time. the wontons will bubble up and turn golden brown very quickly. remove them with a slotted spoon to a piece of paper towel and repeat the process until all of the wontons are fried., the wontons may be fried 1 day in advance and stored in an airtight container., pour the soy sauce into a large bowl and whisk in the ground ginger, cilantro and green onion. next, cut the tuna into 1inch square strips and place them in the marinade. set aside for 15 minutes., place a large heavy bottomed skillet over high heat for 3 minutes. spray with cooking spray and immediately place the tuna strips in the pan, searing each of the 4 sides for 30 seconds only. remove from the pan and set aside., to assemble, place a small amount of the relish on a wonton crisp. carefully slice the tuna strips into 14inch pieces. place 1 piece of tuna atop the relish and serve., wonton crisps can be made several days in advance and kept in an airtight container., place all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well. refrigerate for 30 minutes to macerate.directions, special equipment 1 roll string or fishing line 1 bat cookie cutter1.cake preheat the oven to 350f. line the bottoms of 3 9inch cake pans with parchment or waxed paper. spray the insides of the pans with nonstick cooking spray. 2.whip sugar and eggs on high in an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment for 58 minutes or until pale yellow and fluffy. 3.meanwhile, whisk the mayonnaise and cocoa in another large bowl until well blended then whisk in the water and vanilla extract. add the remaining cake ingredients and whisk until the mixture becomes very thick then finish mixing with a wooden spoon. fold in the egg mixture in 3 batches. divide the cake batter evenly among the pans. bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean. cool completely. 4.cherry layer boil cherries with 14 cup water in a medium saucepan for 1 minute. strain and reserve the liquid. transfer the cherries to a glass measure stir in the jam, brandy, almond extract and enough liquid to make 212 cups discard remaining juice. 5.to assemble trifle whip the cream, sugar and almond extract to form medium peaks. place one cake round in the bottom of a 9inch trifle dish spread 1 cup of the cherry mixture over the cake. spread about 1 cups whipped cream over cherries and scatter 12 cup of walnut pieces onto the top and around the edges. repeat for second layer. top with remaining cake round. remove cherries from remaining cherry mixture and pour liquid over cake. top with whipped cream, cherries and walnuts. to save time, you can replace the scratch cake with either a chocolate fudge cake mix or a readymade 1 lb. chocolate loaf cake. for the cake mix, prepare as directed, place into 3 9inch circular pans and bake for 15 minutes. for the readymade cake, cut into 12 slices and layer 4 slices per cake layer as outlined above. note 2 9inch and 1 8inch cake pans can also be used. bake 8inch layer about 5 minutes longer, if necessary.in a saucepan, over high heat, combine fish stock, saffron and white wine, bring to a boil. reduce to simmering and let cook for 5 minutes. set aside., in a separate saucepan, over high heat, add the butter and garlic. cook until the garlic is tender. add saffron broth and bring to a boil. add the rest of the ingredients including the mussels and cover., when the mussels open up remove the pan from the heat and let it seat for 1 to 2 minutes. serve in a bowl and garnish with a slice of fresh lemon or lime.directions, heat large pot with oil. add onion and garlic and saute over medium heat. when garlic browns, remove and discard. add cuttlefish. season with salt and pepper and cook for a few minutes. add wine. raise heat and allow wine to evaporate. squeeze black ink sac into casserole with 2 to 3 tablespoons water. cook for 20 minutes. in the meantime, cook risotto by heating oil, adding onions and saute for 3 minutes add rice to casserole and continue cooking. add stock gradually, mixing continuously until rice is cooked. add butter and mix well. add allow to set a couple of minutes before finishing with seppiolini.place alaska cod fillets in shallow glass dish. whisk together lime juice, vinegar, fish sauce, sambal, sugar and oil. pour half the mixture over fish and reserve remaining for slaw. let fish marinate 15 minutes. for slaw combine green papaya, cabbage, tomato, carrot, cilantro and mint. toss with reserved dressing until combined. for crema whisk together crema, sambal and lime juice. refrigerate until serving. preheat grill or stovetop grill pan to mediumhigh heat. remove fish from marinade and grill until barely done, 2 to 5 minutes per side, depending on thickness. cook just until fish is opaque throughout. remove fillets from grill and break into large chunks. line each tortilla with green papaya slaw. top with chunks of fish and drizzle with sambal crema. serve immediately.saute shellfish in butter. add wine, onions, shallots, and tomatoes. simmer for 3 minutes, and stir to blend while bringing to a boil. add heavy cream and tarragon. cook lobster raviolis in water at a rolling boil for 2 to 3 minutes, or until most float. strain and plate ravioli, pour seafood cream sauce over. serve hot.the fillets should be at room temperature. heat a large castiron skillet over very high heat until it is beyond the smoking stage and you see white ash in the skillet bottom, at least for 10 minutes. meanwhile, pour 2 tablespoons melted butter in each of 6 small ramekins set aside and keep warm. reserve the remaining butter. heat the serving plates in a 250degree oven. dip each fillet in the reserved melted butter so that both sides are well coated. then, mix thoroughly all the spices for blackening mixture and sprinkle the blackening spice mixture generously and evenly on both sides of the fillets. place 1 or 2 fillets in skillet and cook uncovered over very high heat until the underside becomes deep brown, almost black but not burned, about 2 minutes the time may vary according to the fillets thickness and the heat of the skillet. turn the fish over and pour 1 teaspoon of butter on top of each. cook until fish is done, about 2 minutes more. repeat with remaining fillets. serve each fillet while hot. to serve, place 1 fillet and a ramekin of butter on each plate.in a bowl, add the butter, creole spices, lemon zest and juice, salt and pepper and mix to combine. stir in the chopped chives and set aside. the butter can be made ahead and chilled bring to room temperature before using., preheat oven to 350 degrees f., preheat a large wellseasoned cast iron skillet or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. line the bottom of a 9 by 11inch baking dish with the lemon slices and dollop half of the compound butter evenly over the lemon., evenly coat both sides of each fish fillet with 1 tablespoon creole seasoning. working in batches if necessary, add the seasoned fillets to the hot skillet, and cook 2 minutes on each side to just toast and brown the seasoning. with a spatula, carefully place the seared fish on top of the buttered lemon slices in the baking dish. bake until fish easily breaks apart with a fork, 12 to 15 minutes. immediately top each hot fillet with a spoonful of compound butter transfer to heated serving plates and garnish with a few whole fresh chives crossed like an x over each fillet.coat a grill rack with oil and preheat the grill on high for 5 minutes., place the blackening seasoning in a shallow baking dish. roll the catfish in the seasoning until well coated. reduce the grill to mediumhigh, and grill the onions over direct heat until well browned and wilting, turning once, about 10 minutes. meanwhile, grill the fish over direct heat until cooked through, turning once, about 6 minutes. at the same time, place the tortillas directly on the grill for 1 minute per side. stack the tortillas and wrap them in foil or a clean towel to keep warm., arrange the fish on a plate, and flake into bitesize pieces with a fork. transfer the onions to a separate plate. place the tomatoes, avocado, sour cream, lime wedges and cilantro in separate bowls. set out with the warm tortillas and hot sauce, and invite guests to make their own tacos.heat a 12inch cast iron skillet over high heat. when the skillet is hot, add the oil. season both sides of each catfish fillet with the blackening seasoning and place in skillet. cook fillets for 5 minutes on each side.in a large pot, bring 5 14 cups of water to a boil over medium heat. add the rice, turn the heat down to low and simmer until rice has absorbed all the water and is light and fluffy, about 15 to 20 minutes. reserve 3 cups of cooked rice for another use, such as cajun dirty rice. transfer the rice to a serving bowl and set aside., in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of canola oil. add the celery, green pepper, onion, garlic, and season with salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. saute until slightly tender about 5 minutes. add the fresh lemon juice and chopped parsley and cook for another minute. reserve 1 cup of the sauteed vegetables for another use, like cajun dirty rice. transfer the vegetables to a serving bowl and set aside., while the vegetables are sauteing, heat a cast iron skillet or griddle over high heat. brush the catfish with the remaining canola oil and then sprinkle both sides with cajun seasoning. place the catfish onto into the hot pan and cook, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side., arrange the catfish on a serving platter and serve with rice and sauteed vegetables.preheat a cast iron skillet to medium high with peanut oil., mix dry ingredients together. cover both sides of catfish with the seasoning mix and place in skillet., cook on one side for 4 minutes and turn when cooked halfway through. cook for another 4 minutes on the other side. remove from pan and serve with cajun remoulade., mix all ingredients together well. cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.for the ma and pa slaw whisk together the mayonnaise, lime juice, vinegar and sugar in a large bowl. add the red and green cabbage and toss until thoroughly coated., for the blackened catfish tacos heat a medium skillet over medium heat. working in batches if necessary, add the tortillas and warm 15 seconds per side keep warm while you fry the catfish., coat one side of each piece of catfish with creole seasoning. put the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat when hot, add the catfish seasonedside down and cook until blackened, about 5 minutes. flip, and cook on the second side until an instantread thermometer reads 145 degrees f., about 5 more minutes., put 1 piece of catfish on each tortilla. top with some slaw, onions and 2 slices of the avocado. garnish each with a dollop of thousand island dressing and a few leaves of cilantro, if using. serve immediately.for the dijon sauce, saute on medium heat 14 teaspoon chopped fine shallots and 1 tablespoon butter. then add 14 cup white wine, dijon mustard and a pinch of paprika. simmer for 3 minutes., for the balsamic sauce, saute on medium heat 14 teaspoon chopped fine shallots 1 tablespoon butter. then add balsamic vinegar, veal stock and 12 teaspoon fresh rosemary chopped, if desired. bring to a boil and reduce by 12 or until it coats back of spoon., put 2 tablespoons olive oil and 3 cloves of garlic peeled into a hot saute pan and saute until brown and then add 2 pounds cleaned spinach., mix all blackened mixture ingredients together in a blender. coat salmon fillets with mixture. saute on each side 3 to 4 minutes over high flame. place in a preheated 400 degree oven 6 to12 minutes, or to your liking. serve with sauces and spinach.place the fish in a large shallow bowl and pour the milk over it. cover and chill for 30 minutes., preheat the oven to 200 degrees f. mix the flour, spice mix, and salt in a pie plate lined with a piece of parchment paper. working in batches, remove the fillets from the milk and drain off the excess. transfer to the flour mixture and, pulling up the sides of the parchment, turn to coat on both sides. flour only as many fillets as will fit in a large skillet at one time., heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet over high heat until just smoking. add the fillets and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. transfer to a heatproof plate and keep in the oven while you cook the remaining fillets. repeat the procedure with the remaining fillets, flour mix, and oil. serve with lemon wedges and tartar sauce., mix all ingredients together in a small bowl. store in an airtight container., mix all of the ingredients in a bowl. refrigerate until ready to use.for the fish drizzle each fish fillet with oil and sprinkle lightly with salt. dust both sides of each fillet with a thin, even layer of the taco seasoning., heat a large castiron pan on the hottest part of a grill or on the stove over high heat. add a thin layer of oil to the pan and heat until the oil just begins to smoke. carefully add the fish and cook, undisturbed, until blackened, about 3 minutes. gently turn the fish over with a spatula and blacken on the second side, another 3 minutes. remove the fish to a rack to cool slightly before plating., for the slaw combine the cabbage, carrots and scallion in a large bowl. season with salt and pepper and mix well. set aside., in a separate bowl, whisk together the jalapeno, mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, sugar and chili seasoning in a medium bowl. add to the cabbage mixture and mix well to combine. taste for seasoning and add more salt, pepper or sugar if desired., place a few strips of the blackened fish on a warmed soft tortilla and drizzle with charred scallion salsa. top each taco with slaw and serve with a wedge of lime., preheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. place the scallions and jalapeno on a large plate or baking pan. drizzle with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper., place the vegetables on the grill and cook until charred on all sides, about 10 minutes total., combine the cilantro, scallions and jalapeno in a blender or food processor and pulse until finely chopped. transfer to a bowl and stir in the paprika, garlic, cumin, lime juice and olive oil. season to taste with salt and pepper. store tightly covered in the refrigerator up to 10 days.dredge both sides of the swordfish in blackening spice. heat a heavy, castiron skillet over high heat until it is smoking hot., add the swordfish and cook for 3 minutes. turn over and cook for 3 minutes more. warm the crab hash in saute pan, turning to warm throughout. place warm voodoo sauce on a plate and top with sweet potato crab hash. top with swordfish. top with tomato and scallion garnish., heat the olive oil in a saute pan. add the roasted sweet potatoes, shallots, and poblano peppers and saute for 2 minutes. add voodoo sauce and worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper, to taste. add the crabmeat and gently toss until the crab is heated through., in a saucepan over low heat, reduce the cream by 13. in a separate saucepan, heat the bbq sauce. add the reduced cream. add the butter and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. whisk in the salt and pepper. keep warm until ready to serve., in a large pot, add the butter, onion, and garlic and let sweat until translucent. in a large bowl, blend together the vinegar, apricot jam, dry mustard, brown sugar, and dijon mustard until smooth. add this mixture to the garlic and onion mixture with the rest of the ingredients. bring to a simmer and cook for 1 hour.season the blackfish with salt and pepper. in a large skillet, with a lid, over medium heat, heat the olive oil and butter. add the fish and saute on each side for 3 minutes. remove the fish and keep warm., to the pan, add the garlic and cook 1 minute. add the tomatoes and cook 2 minutes. add the basil and wine and bring to the boil. reduce heat and simmer. place the fish back in the pan over the tomatoes., place clams around sides of saute pan. return to simmer and cover with the lid. cook until clams open, about 3 minutes.whisk the butter and flour in a saute pan. cook while whisking over medium to low heat for 5 minutes. reserve roux., season the halibut and salmon with salt and pepper. in a deep saucepot, sear the fish in a 3 tablespoons of butter and a 2 tablespoon of olive oil. sear and reserve leaving fish as raw as possible. season with additional salt, pepper, and cayenne., in the same pan, add the potatoes, fennel wedges, poblano, leeks, turnips, carrots, and cauliflower with 2 tablespoons butter this will help caramelize the vegetables., when caramelized, add the bay leaves, garlic, and pearl onions. cook until vegetables just begin to color. deglaze with brandy, allow to reduce until mostly dry. add white wine and reduce to almost dry. add fish stock or water. allow to simmer for 5 minutes., add cream and veal demiglace. return to moderate heat and allow to reduce slightly. whisk in a few tablespoons at a time of the roux while the liquid is simmering gently. you may find you dont need to use all of the roux., add thyme leaves. return to light boil and add clams. as they begin to open, add spinach, shallots, and lemon juice to the sauce. remove from the heat., add lemon pepper dumplings and stir gently. add halibut and salmon. ladle into bowls. flake smoked sea bass over. sprinkle with chopped parsley and drizzle with parsley oil., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., coat the potatoes with olive oil. place them on a rack on a sheet pan. roast in oven until soft to the center, about 30 minutes., allow to cool enough to handle. it is very important that they be assembled out of hot potatoes. squeeze the potato flesh out of the skins and into a food mill. mill the potatoes. weigh the potato puree and determine the amount of egg yolks and flour to be added., shape the potato puree into a large well. sprinkle the potatoes with the nutmeg and the grated parmesan. surround the well of potatoes with a larger well of flour, measured 1 cup to each pound of riced potatoes. sprinkle the salt and pepper onto the flour. add 2 yolks per pound of potatoes into the center of the well. pour the lemon oil, zest, and juice in the center of the well. using a meat fork, incorporate the eggs first into the potatoes and then into the flour, just enough to get them mostly together. then, use your hands to need the mass into a dough. use additional flour thrown on the dough and the work surface as necessary to form a soft dough., allow to rest covered with plastic for 20 minutes. knead the dough again and then shape it into a 2inch thick rectangle. using a dough cutter cut off a 1inch ribbon of dough. flour your work surface lightly and using your hands roll the dough into a round tube about 12inch in diameter. with a dough cutter, make 12inch long dumplings. gently roll the pieces on the floured surface. using a gnocchi board roll the pieces into dumplings with a dimple in the center. place dumpling on a half sheet pan covered in parchment and sprinkled with flour and cornmeal., blanch the parsley and spinach. shock in salted ice water and squeeze the water out. place the parsley spinach mix into a blender with the olive oil. blend on low for 3 to 4 minutes. place cheesecloth into china cap or finemesh sieve and pour the oil into it, to gravity strain. reserve the resulting bright green parsley oil., heat the oil to about 110 degrees f. place the lemon zest in a blender. pour the hot oil over it. run blender on slowest speed for about 1 minute. allow each to sit overnight. the next day, strain the oil through a cheesecloth.discard the feathery green tops of the fennel, core and cut the bulb into 1inch pieces. heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a 9inch skillet. add the fennel, garlic, orange rind, fennel seeds, liquor, salt and pepper. cover and simmer, over medium heat for 10 minutes., after 10 minutes add the tomatoes, recover and simmer for 10 minutes longer. remove the cover and check the liquid in the pan. if there is a good deal remaining, evaporate it until the mixture look syrupy. remove the orange rind. turn the heat off and stir in the butter. season to taste with salt and pepper cool to room temperature., season the bluefish fillets with salt and pepper, and set them, skin side down in a generously buttered bakingserving dish large enough to hold the fillets in a single layer. spoon the cooled vegetable mixture over the fish, cover with foil and store in the refrigerator for up to 12 hours., to bake and serve, remove the fish from the refrigerator 30 minutes before baking. preheat the oven to 375 degrees and bake 20 to 25 minutes covered with foil until the center no longer looks translucent but opaque. remove from oven and serve garnish with yellow bell pepper and chives.preheat oven to 440 degrees f., halve 18 of the grape tomatoes. in a baking dish pour in 14 cup olive oil. to that add banana peppers, and 12 of the tomatoes. mix to coat all with oil. sprinkle with 14 teaspoon sea salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. bake uncovered ideally in convection oven until they start to brown about 15 minutes., in a pot heat 14 cup olive oil and add 13 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 teaspoon sea salt, natural brown sugar, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 teaspoon course ground black pepper. stir over high heat. add the remaining whole tomatoes and continue to mix until the tomato skins start to peal about 4 minutes. pour entire contents of this pot into a blender. to this add cilantro, the roasted tomato mixture and chicken broth. blend until fairly smooth about 15 to 20 seconds., pour entire contents into pot, add 6 ounces of vegetable juice, bring almost to a boil and reduce to a simmer., in a medium mixing bowl beat egg until it produces a light foam and beat in the lemon juice. to this add the remaining 6 ounces vegetable juice and beat again. slowly mix in 1 cup of the hot soup. take soup off the heat and slowly mix this mixture into the soup. add 2 tablespoons heavy cream and stir over medium heat until it starts to bubble. remove from heat., in a skillet add 6 tablespoons butter, melt butter over medium heat, add 23 cup of finely chopped red onion and garlic. saute for about a minute and then add 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper and 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper. continue sauteing until the onions are soft and translucent. then add crab boil seasoning and cream sherry. turn heat up until mixture comes to a bubble then lower to medium heat and stir until it starts thickening to almost a light syrup consistency. once it has thickened add crab base and make sure it is incorporated well. then add 23 cup heavy whipping cream stir over medium to high heat until it starts to bubble. then add 1 cup of crabmeat and mix well, once it comes to a bubble again remove from heat., for each serving, add 12 cup of the tomato soup to bowl, to this add 23 cup of the crab soup, 1 tablespoon freshly grated parmesan. and 14 teaspoon of the red lump fish caviar and mix well. float a tablespoon of the crab soup in center, grate some more parmesan on top. add freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and serve, i like to garnish with blue crab claws sauteed in butter and cream sherry and or some caviar. when in season i like to use fresh crab roe.in a large pot, boil the crawfish in clean water at 215 degrees f for 5 minutes. toss the crawfish with cajun claws special seasoning or any creole seasoning before serving.fill a large stock pot half way with cold water, and bring it to a boil. add the salted codfish, and cook for 10 minutes. then add the yams, plantains, and the bananas. bring all back to a hard boil, then reduce to a gentle boil until everything is tender, about 30 to 35 minutes. hold in the water until ready to serve, peel the bananas before serving.for the pork belly combine the doenjang, peppercorns, garlic, kombu, onion and 3 quarts water in a large pot and bring to a boil. add the pork belly and return to a boil. cover and lower the heat to medium low. simmer until the pork belly is tender but not falling apart, about 1 12 hours., for the cabbage meanwhile, combine 14 cup salt and 3 cups warm water in a large bowl and mix to dissolve. submerge the cabbage in the salt water and place another heavy bowl on top to ensure the cabbage is submerged completely. let soak, flipping every 10 minutes, until the cabbage leaves are slightly tender to the touch, about 30 minutes. rinse, pat dry and set aside. this process will give the cabbage a flexible and crunchy texture with a slight briny taste., for the daikon kimchi cut the daikon in half crosswise. slice each half into 14inchthick planks, then cut each plank into matchsticksize strips. mix the daikon with 1 tablespoon salt in a small bowl and let it sit for 10 minutes. give it a toss and let it sit for an additional 10 minutes. rinse well until all the salt is washed off. pat the daikon dry with a paper towel., whisk together the gochugaru, fish sauce, mirin, garlic, sugar, ginger and scallions in a medium bowl, then toss with the daikon until well incorporated. transfer to a serving dish and set aside., for the dipping sauce ssamjang combine the doenjang, gochujang, sesame oil, garlic and sugar in a small bowl and mix well. transfer to a serving dish and set aside., for the crispy garlic heat the vegetable oil in a small pot over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. add the garlic and fry until light golden brown, about 4 minutes. remove the garlic with a slotted spoon and place on a paper towel to drain. sprinkle with a pinch of salt and let cool., when the pork belly is finished cooking, remove it from the poaching liquid and let it sit for a few minutes until slightly cooled. slice into 14inch pieces., arrange the pork belly, cabbage and lettuce neatly on a big serving platter. serve with the daikon kimchi, dipping sauce and crispy garlic. to eat, put a piece of the pork belly in the middle of a lettuce or cabbage leaf, top with the daikon, sauce and garlic chips. fold the leaf to enclose everything.make the rouille puree the mayonnaise, roasted red peppers, olive oil, lemon juice, garlic and a pinch of salt in a blender until smooth. transfer to a small bowl refrigerate until ready to serve., prepare the bouillabaisse grate the tomato flesh on the large holes of a box grater down to the skins reserve the skins separately. peel and devein the shrimp, reserving the shells and tails for the broth clean and debeard the mussels. refrigerate the seafood until ready to use., make the broth heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. add the shrimp shells and tails and cook, stirring, until bright red, about 3 minutes. stir in the tomato paste until incorporated, about 30 seconds. add the clam juice, 4 cups water, the reserved tomato skins, the orange zest and 14 cup of the sliced fennel. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium simmer until the liquid is reduced to about 4 cups, 12 to 15 minutes. strain the broth through a finemesh sieve set over a bowl, pressing on the solids to extract the liquid reserve the broth., wipe out the pot and heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. add the remaining fennel, the shallot, garlic and a pinch of salt partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fennel begins to soften, about 5 minutes. add the reserved grated tomato flesh and cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. stir in the saffron, then add the wine and simmer until the liquid is reduced by about twothirds, about 4 minutes. add the reserved broth and return to a simmer., add the mussels to the pot cover and cook 4 minutes. add any thick pieces of fish and cook, covered, 2 minutes. add the remaining fish and the shrimp and cook, covered, until the mussels open and the fish and shrimp are just cooked through, 3 to 4 more minutes. discard any mussels that do not open. season with salt and pepper., spread the baguette with the rouille and serve with the bouillabaisse. sprinkle with parsley.for the rockfish soup, prepare the fish by cutting off the gills and external hairy bits and discarding. keep the fish in salt water., put the small rock fish girolles, baby crabs, stone fish into a large saucepan of cold water on high heat. add the thyme, rosemary and bay leaves. bring slowly to a boil, then simmer for 30 minutes., for the soup, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large heavybottomed saucepan. cook the chopped onions until translucent. pour in the tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes, then add the sliced potatoes. place the pieces of john dory and the monkfish on top., strain the rock fish soup through a strainer on top of the fish and boil for 5 minutes., place the rascasse, scorpion fish, and red mullet on top. add a pinch of saffron and watch soup turn a rich yellow color. finally add the lobster halves and cook for a maximum of 5 minutes., serve the big fish on a serving plate and the soup in a casserole. serve the pieces of fish on the plate with potato slices and the croutons with rouille and pour the soup over the top. eat immediately.preheat oven to 350 degrees., wash and clean the seafood. cut seafood, snapper and monkfish into large pieces and place each type of seafood into individual baking pans., add the butter and olive oil to a large pot. add garlic, onion, carrot, leek, and celery, and sweat until vegetables are soft. deglaze the mixture with white wine and reduce the volume by half. add cold water to the pot to cover the vegetables and heat mixture. add the fish stock, chopped tomatoes, tomato paste, saffron threads, and freshly crushed black pepper to taste. simmer for 90 minutes total and skim regularly. after 45 minutes add potatoes. after 90 minutes strain sauce, return potatoes and liquid to the pot and simmer until desired consistency. correct seasoning to taste., cover each type of seafood in its individual baking pan with the sauce. bake for 10 minutes or until seafood is cooked through and the mussels have opened. discard any unopened mussels. add seafood and sauce from each pan to bowls. serve immediately.in a 6quart stock pot heat the olive oil and the carrots, fennel, leek, celery, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf, garlic, and orange peel. cook while stirring for 5 minutes. add the wine, tomato paste, fish stock, and saffron. bring to a simmer and cook for 8 minutes., begin adding the seafood first the clams cook for 1 minute and then the white fish cook for another minute. then the shrimp, mussels, calamari, scallops, and lobster tails. add the liqueur and chopped tomatoes. simmer for 8 minutes., place in large soup tureen or serve in individual dishes with garlic toast and rouille., put all ingredients except olive oil in a blender and whip at low speed until smooth. slowly add the olive oil in a steady stream, forming a mayonnaiselike emulsion. serve in a small bowl.heat the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the onion, fennel, and garlic, and saute until the vegetables just start to brown. add the white wine and reduce. add the orange zest, saffron, tomatoes, potatoes, and fish stock or clam juice. bring the mixture to a boil., continue cooking until the vegetables are tender and the liquid has reduced, about 25 minutes., adjust the heat to mediumlow and add the mussels and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. add the shrimp and clams and cook for 3 minutes more. add the halibut and cook for an additional 4 to 5 minutes., before serving, the shells will have opened and the fish will be tender and flaky. garnish with parsley and top with the faux rouille, recipe follows., faux rouille, in a bowl, mix together the sour cream, mayonnaise, minced garlic, paprika, fresh lemon juice, salt, and black pepper, to taste and top each serving of bouillabaisse with a dollop of the faux rouille., bouillabaisse variations, latin bouillabaisse saute 2 bell peppers, seeded and sliced and 1 serrano chile, seeded and minced along with the other vegetables. add a handful of coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves to the broth base. garnish the bouillabaisse with lime wedges., curried bouillabaisse add 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 whole cloves, 2 12 tablespoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, and 12 stick cinnamon to the broth base. replace the fennel with thinly sliced lemongrass., chicken bouillabaisse replace the fish with 6 chicken legs that have been sauteed until golden brown. replace the clam juice with lowsodium chicken broth.place the saffron, garlic and fish into a mixing bowl. drizzle with a little olive oil and toss to coat. refrigerate for at least 1 hour., saute the onion, leek and celery in olive oil until tender. add the tomatoes, orange zest and fennel seeds and cook for about 5 minutes. add the fumet and pastis. bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. add the fish and cook until just done. season with salt and pepper., to serve, place a baguette slice in the bottom of a serving bowl and top with a spoonful of rouille and a bit of cheese. top with the fish soup. garnish with parsley., to make the rouille, using either a mortar and pestle or a food processor, puree the garlic, egg yolks and cayenne pepper until smooth. slowly drizzle in the olive oil and whisk to incorporate as you would for a mayonnaise. season, to taste, with salt., raw egg warning, food network kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of salmonella or other foodborne illness. to reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade a or aa eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.for the relish, combine all of the ingredients in a small bowl. cover and chill until needed., for the mayonnaise, combine the saffron threads and lemon juice in a small bowl and set aside to soak for 20 minutes to l hour., transfer the soaked saffron to a blender. add the mayonnaise and blend until smooth. transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. cover with plastic wrap and chill until serving time., for the patties, spread the red snapper and shrimp evenly over the bottom of a large glass baking dish. wearing kitchen gloves, or using a fork, gently mix in the egg whites, thyme, salt and pepper combine together well. mix in enough panko to bind the ingredients together and form into 6 equal patties to fit the slices of bread. cover with plastic wrap and chill until needed, at least 30 minutes., prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh., when the grill is ready, generously brush the grill rack with canola oil. lightly brush both sides of each slice of bread with olive oil. place the bread slices on the outer edges of the grill rack to toast lightly, turning once with tongs set aside. place the patties on the, middle of the grill rack, cover, and cook for 3 12 to 4 minutes, turning once with a large spatula, until the patties are just cooked through do not overcook., to assemble the burgers, spread about l tablespoon of the mayonnaise evenly over 1 side of each toast. place a patty on 6 of the mayonnaisecoated toasts. using a slotted spoon, evenly top each patty with the tomatofennel relish. add the toast tops, mayonnaise side down.directions, wash the fish bones well in cold, clean water to remove impurities. split the lobster shells and clean by removing the light green tomalley liver in the body cavity and the feathery gills at the head section. save the peeling from fresh cooked or raw shrimp. discard the digestive tract, but save the heads if any. in a large stock pot heat olive oil and fish bones, lobster shells and shrimp shells. cook over medium heat for 20 minutes to give broth a rich flavor. meanwhile, put the vegetables in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse to finely chop. add the vegetables to the stock pot and saute them along with the fish bones for 15 minutes to sweat and caramelize the vegetables. add the tomato, saffron and other herbs and seasonings and continue to saute for 10 minutes. stir to ensure that nothing burns or sticks to the bottom of the pan. add the white wine and reduce by half. add the fish stock and water and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer, and cook 1 12 hours. skim a foamy particles that rise to the surface during cooking. drain through cheesecloth lined sieve and cool in an ice bath.directions, wash the fish bones well in cold, clean water to remove impurities. split the lobster shells and clean by removing the light green tomalley liver in the body cavity and the feathery gills at the head section. save the peeling from fresh cooked or raw shrimp. discard the digestive tract, but save the heads if any. in a large stock pot heat olive oil and fish bones, lobster shells and shrimp shells. cook over medium heat for 20 minutes to give broth a rich flavor. meanwhile, put the vegetables in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse to finely chop. add the vegetables to the stock pot and saute them along with the fish bones for 15 minutes to sweat and caramelize the vegetables. add the tomato, saffron and other herbs and seasonings and continue to saute for 10 minutes. stir to ensure that nothing burns or sticks to the bottom of the pan. add the white wine and reduce by half. add the fish stock and water and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer, and cook 1 12 hours. skim a foamy particles that rise to the surface during cooking. drain through cheesecloth lined sieve and cool in an ice bath.combine the olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, saffron and basil in a large dish or bowl. add the pieces of fish and shellfish to the oil and combine well so that all the fish and shellfish are equally coated with the marinade mixture. refrigerate the fish and allow to marinate over night or for several hours., preheat the oven to 300 degrees f. put the fish broth into a large soup pot or casserole that is stovetop safe, bring the stock to a boil, and reduce to a simmer. gently simmer the broth for 15 minutes. meanwhile, make croutons and rouille brush one side of each french bread slice with olive oil, sprinkle with cracked pepper, and toast in oven about 12 minutes or until crisp. for the rouille combine the cayenne pepper, garlic, sliced potato and hot broth in a saucepan and cook for 17 minutes or until the potato is cooked and soft. transfer the mixture to a blender and, while pureeing, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. transfer this to a serving bowl and serve along side the croutons. add the clams and mussels into the broth. cook for 10 minutes, or until the clams begin to open. season the lobster, shrimp and fish with salt and pepper and add to broth. allow the fish to cook for 6 to 8 minutes after the broth has returned to a simmer. do not boil the fish. serve hot.for the stock, add all ingredients into a large stockpot and bring to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. strain, reserving the stock, and cool in an ice water bath. whatever is not used that day should be refrigerated for up to 1 week, or frozen for up to 3 months., for the bouillabaisse, in another large, wide and shallow pan, over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons olive oil. when the oil is hot, add the onion and fennel, cook for 2 minutes. deglaze with the pernod, and add the tomatoes, fish stock, seaweed, hot italian peppers, crushed red pepper and season with salt and pepper. add the lobster meat and cook for 3 minutes, covering the pot with aluminum foil or lid. then add the rest of the seafood and cook, covered for about 6 minutes until the clams and mussels have opened., for the rouille, in a food processor, combine the roasted red pepper, garlic, bread, egg yolk, dijon, lemon juice and salt and pepper. while the food processor is still on, slowly drizzle in the olive oil., serve the bouillabaisse in bowls with the toasted bread and rouille on the side.cut the cleaned fish fillets into medium sized pieces. in a large nonreactive bowl, whisk together the marinade ingredients. add the pieces of fish and whole shrimp so that all the seafood is coated with the mixture. cover and refrigerate for 1 hour., for the stockfumet in a large stockpot over lowmedium flame, heat the oil and butter. saute the leek, onion, garlic, and fennel for 5 minutes until tender. deglaze with pernod, cooking for 5 minutes to allow the alcohol to evaporate. place the bouquet garni in the stockpot tied to the handle for easy removal. add the cold water, wine, canned tomatoes and fish parts. season with saffron and pepper. simmer gently for 10 minutes, stirring to mingle flavors. allow the stock to slowly simmer. skim and discard the fish foam that rises to the surface. do not boil if the stock boils, these impurities will be incorporated into the liquid. simmer for 15 minutes, turn off heat and let steep for 15 minutes. pass the fumet through a strainer lined with cheesecloth., for the broth heat the olive oil in a stockpot over medium heat. saute the onion, garlic, parsley and orange zest. add the clams, mussels, pernod and wine. steam open, about 2 minutes. stir in fennel, leek, tomatoes, bay leaf and fumet. season with saffron, salt and pepper, add the fish pieces to the broth. simmer for 3 minutes until the fish is opaque. add tomato paste and adjust seasonings., for the rouille broil the tomato and bell pepper, turning to blacken all sides. place the roasted pepper in a paper bag, close it, and let it sweat for 5 minutes so it is easier to peel the skin. remove from bag, peel the skin and discard the seeds and stem. peel and cut the tomato, squeeze out the seeds. in a food processor, puree the potato, roasted pepper, tomato, mayonnaise, fumet, garlic, saffron and cayenne. season with sea salt and pepper. cover and refrigerate until needed., for the croutons preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. lightly brush the baguette slices with olive oil and bake on a cookie sheet until crisp. set aside., ladle the soup into individual serving bowls. spoon the rouille over the croutons and place in bowl. garnish with parsley and basil.set a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, and heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until shimmering. add the fennel and onions, and cook, until the vegetables are softened, about 3 minutes. stir in the garlic and saffron, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. deglaze with the white wine and licorice liqueur, scraping up any browned bits. reduce the liquid until its almost completely evaporated. then add the tomatoes, fish stock, thyme and bay leaf. add the potatoes, bring to a boil and cook until just tender, about 10 minutes. add the clams and mussels and simmer for another 3 minutes to give them a head start. add the shrimp, simmering until the shellfish open, a final 2 minutes. discard any unopened shellfish., bring a large nonstick saute pan to mediumhigh heat and add the remaining oil. pat the halibut fillets dry with a paper towel and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. once the oil begins to smoke lightly, sear the halibut. cook until the bottom is golden and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes on the first side. flip and finish cooking for 1 to 2 minutes on the second side. remove the fish from pan, keep warm and set aside., to serve, place each halibut fillet in the bottom of a shallow serving bowl. arrange a few potatoes, shrimp, clams and mussels around the fish in each bowl. ladle broth into the bowls. garnish with parsley, scallions, a few fennel fronds and lemon wedges. serve immediately with garlicky rouille., peel the potatoes and rough chop. place the potato, red pepper and garlic into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until just coarsely chopped. add the mayonnaise, lemon juice and sweet paprika. process until smooth and creamy. season with cayenne and salt to taste. cover and place in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes to chill and allow the flavors to come together.combine the first 10 ingredients in a small sauce pan. stir mixture and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. reduce heat to low, and simmer for 5 minutes. remove crushed garlic cloves with a slotted spoon. in a small dish, combine remaining 14 cup of water with the cornstarch and stir until cornstarch is dissolved. add cornstarch mixture to the bourbon peppercorn glaze while whisking. continue to stir and bring mixture back to a boil or until thickened. remove from heat, and serve immediately on your favorite steak. bourbon peppercorn sauce can be kept refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 5 days. just reheat to serveboil the potatoes, peel and cut in wedges. cut off both ends of zucchini and yellow squash, cut lengthwise in 4 equal parts. remove most of the seeds by cutting the angle. slice into 14inch pieces. blanch quickly in water and salt. trim the fennel, cut in 2 lengthwise, sweat in olive oil, add lemon juice and fumet. season with salt and pepper and braise for 5 minutes, covered. add cherry tomatoes. keep very al dente., brush a braising pan with butter. place in it everything except half of the lemon juice and garnishes. season the fish on both sides and add the fumet. place the braising pan on a low flame until the liquid slightly simmers. then place in a preheated 300degree oven for 7 minutes. when cooked, place the fish with most of the vegetables into bowl, return the braising pan to the flame and finish with black olives lemon olive oil and lemon juice if necessary. finish the dish by pouring the broth on the fish and garnish with chopped chives and chervil, serve immediately.bone ducks and remove the skin. you can ask a butcher to do this, reserving the carcass for stock making and skin for rendering. cut breasts in half, then into about 3 pieces across the width. chop legs and thighs into about 4 pieces each. remember you want to start with generous pieces of meat, since they will shrink when cooked. dont worry about cleaning the tendons, since they will soften with long cooking. sprinkle meat with salt and pepper., heat rendered fat in a large, heavy bottomed dutch oven over high heat. brown duck on all sides, then transfer meat to a platter. reduce heat to medium low and cook shallots until well browned, about 15 minutes. add garlic and ginger, increase heat to medium high and cook about a minute, then add curry paste. cook, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes. return duck meat to pot along with brown duck stock and cook at a slow simmer, uncovered, until meat is tender, about 40 minutes., with a slotted spoon, transfer meat to a platter and reserve in a warm place. puree sauce in a blender and strain back into pot. cook over high heat until liquid is reduced by one third. stir in fish sauce, coconut milk, sugar, and lime juice, and remove from heat. stir duck back into warm sauce. ladle stew over jasmine rice. garnish with remaining ingredients and serve immediately.heat the butter in a skillet just wide enough to hold the fish. when hot add the vegetables and saute for a minute or so just to get them sizzling. add the wine, cover and cook over very low heat until wilted, about 10 minutes., set halibut over the vegetables, season with salt and pepper and add stock or broth just to cover. simmer, covered, over low heat, until fish is just done, about 10 minutes., with a slotted spatula, remove haibut from the liquid and divide into two portions. set each portion in the bottom of a deep soup plate and garnish with carrot threads or snow peas season the broth and spoon it over the top garnish with black sesame seeds if you wish.cut each fennel bulb into 4 slices. place the fennel bulbs in a large pan over medium heat. add the salt, sugar, saffron, grapefruit juice and orange juice to the pan. cover with baking parchment paper and bring to a simmer. braise the fennel until soft. remove 2 of the fennel slices and the cooking juices from the pan. place into a blender and blend into a puree. the remaining 2 fennel bulbs will be used in the presentation of the dish., place a pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. while the oil is heating, sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. once the oil in the pan is hot, sear the fish skinside down for 2 minutes before flipping over and cooking an additional 2 minutes., place a spoonful of the fennel puree on a plate and smooth it onto the plate in a circular motion, creating a bed of fennel puree. on top of the puree, add the braised fennel pieces. place the seared fish on top of the braised fennel and serve.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., season pike liberally with salt and pepper. melt butter in pan and sear both sides of fish. remove from pan and set aside., add mushrooms, scallions, pepper, and paprika and cook over low heat. add flour and make a roux. whisk in stock by thirds and bring to a simmer. whisk in sour cream and check seasoning., place fish back into the pan, cover, and roast in the oven 30 minutes or until fish is flaky.salt the chicken thighs on all sides and let rest for 15 minutes at room temperature. pat them dry, then sear in some oil in a dutch oven over mediumhigh heat skinside down until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. repeat on the other side. add broth, gochujang, soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, 2 tablespoons mirin and half the ginger. mix well. reduce heat to low and cover the pot, leaving a small crack for steam to exit. braise for 30 minutes., meanwhile, pulse the scallions, the remaining ginger and 12 tablespoon sesame oil in a food processor. season to taste. set aside., whisk miso, egg, remaining 2 tablespoons mirin and 1 tablespoon sesame oil together in a shallow bowl. spread panko on a sheet tray. slice eggplants lengthwise into 14inch planks. dredge eggplants in miso batter, then panko. arrange on another sheet tray. continue this process until all the eggplant is done., heat frying oil to 350 degrees f in a deep fryer or dutch oven. fry eggplant until the panko is golden brown and the eggplant is cooked through. layer eggplant, tofu, then gingerscallion sauce in a casserole dish. repeat until eggplant is done., remove the chicken from the pot. julienne the napa cabbage and add to the pot. cook the cabbage on mediumhigh heat until wilted and sauce is reduced, about 5 minutes., slice the eggplant terrine and place on plate. spoon vegetables on plate, then add chicken on top. spoon extra sauce and vegetables over the chicken and serve.1. heat butter a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. when the butter melts and starts to get brown, add the pecans, cumin and coriander. stir the pecans and toast them with the spices for a minute. remove the pecans from the pan and set aside. add the maple syrup and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes remove from heat and set aside., 2. place the parsnips in a large skillet and cover with water. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook the parsnips 15 to 20 minutes or until the parsnips are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. note i often find recipes dont give me enough liquid to work with. parsnips can vary in size so feel free to add a splash of water to finish the cooking process, if needed. drain off any remaining liquid. sprinkle the parsnips with salt and toss with reserved maple syrup mixture and seasoned pecans. serve immediately.gently place the eggs in a pot and just cover with water. bring to a gentle simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until softboiled, about 5 minutes about 2 minutes for quail eggs. rinse under cold water and allow to cool completely. carefully shell the eggs intact. make a caramel by combining the sugar and 14 cup water in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat. when the sugar is melted and turns a rich gold, about 8 minutes, remove the pot from the heat and stir in the coconut juice and fish sauce or 3 cups water and the soy sauce. reduce the heat to low and stir until the sauce is completely smooth. add the pork shanks, turning them to coat evenly on all sides. add the scallions, ginger, garlic, chilies, star anise, and fivespice powder, and simmer, covered, turning shanks occasionally, until the meat is fork tender, about 4 hours. with a ladle, skim off the fat and add the eggs. continue simmering, ladling sauce over the eggs occasionally, until the eggs turn golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes.for the gnocchi, mix ricotta and egg together. sift flour and salt, and then fold into the ricotta mixture. add chives. rest the dough for couple of hours and shape them as required. cook them in salted water until they float., for the butternut puree, preheat oven to 350 degrees f., roast the diced butternut squash slightly in a pan, cover with aluminum foil and leave it in the oven for 7 to 8 minutes. when soft, strain excess water, add cinnamon honey and blend into a puree, pass it through the fine strainer and season with salt, for salad, mix together with vinaigrette and top up the plated fish., for the fish, season rock fish with salt and pepper. put oil in a preheated pan sear the side of the fish that will be presented first. when golden brown in color turn to the other side and add stock, butter and braise until the fish is cooked, sprinkle with lemon juice and baste the fish with the emulsion. in another pan sear cooked gnocchi on both sides. add cleaned chanterelles, season and coat with the foaming butter., serve with butternut squash and salad.heat the olive oil in a 7to8quart enameled castiron dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. season the fish with salt, then cook until browned, about 2 minutes per side. transfer to a plate. add the onion, garlic, fennel, chile pepper and carrot to the pot reduce the heat to medium and sweat the vegetables, about 2 minutes. add the chorizo and cook until browned, about 2 more minutes. add the sherry and bring to a simmer, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon., crush the tomatoes with your hands and add to the pot with their juices. add the saffron, chicken stock and clams and bring to a simmer. cover and cook until the clams just begin to open, about 3 minutes. add the swordfish to the pot and simmer, covered, until the swordfish is cooked through and the clams open, about 7 more minutes. discard any clams that do not open. stir in the olives, parsley and basil. serve with grilled bread.cut the codfish into 1inch pieces. drizzle 2 tablespoons of oil over codfish. season with salt, pepper, thyme, and tarragon. cover, place in refrigerator, and marinate for 1 hour., preheat oven to 400 degrees f., remove herbs from the codfish. warm a skillet with a little olive oil and add the codfish. next, add the shallots and cook until tender. place the cooked codfish in the bowl of a food processor and using short pulses, mix lightly. add the cooked potatoes and pulse lightly. add the remaining olive oil and pulse lightly. adjust the seasoning with salt, pepper, minced garlic, and cayenne pepper., place the baguette slices on a cookie sheet and brush them with olive oil mixed with a touch of minced garlic. bake them until light golden brown., stir all ingredients together.for the caraway pickled cauliflower cut the florets into 14inchthick slices. its alright if the pieces break apart. combine the vinegar, sugar, caraway seeds, 13 cup water and 14 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan. bring to a boil, whisking until the sugar dissolves. remove from the heat, add the cauliflower and carrot and stir. allow to cool to room temperature. transfer to a small bowl, cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day., for the garlic fish sauce whisk together the fish sauce, lemon juice, vinegar, sugar, garlic, jalapeno and 2 teaspoons water in a small bowl. cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., for the fried pork cutlets lightly sprinkle the cutlets on both sides with salt and pepper. place the flour, egg and breadcrumbs in three separate shallow bowls. dredge each cutlet in the flour, dusting off any excess. then dip in the egg and, finally, coat with the breadcrumbs. heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. once the oil shimmers, fry two cutlets until browned, crispy and cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. drain on paper towels. add the remaining tablespoon oil to the pan and repeat with the remaining cutlets., for the sandwiches trim and discard the bread heels from the baguettes. halve each so you have a total of four 6inch pieces. split each piece lengthwise about 34 of the way and press it open like a book. generously spread the top halves with mayonnaise and the bottom halves with mustard and liverwurst. arrange the baguettes on a baking sheet and bake until warm, 3 to 4 minutes., top the bottom half of each baguette with a pork cutlet halve the cutlets for fit, if necessary and some of the cucumber, onion, carawaypickled cauliflower, watercress and cilantro. top each with a drizzle of garlic fish sauce and a squirt of sriracha and serve.put the potatoes in a pot and cover with the clam juice. bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. remove the potatoes with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl. to the cooking liquid, add the onion and bay leaf bring to a simmer for 3 minutes. while the potatoes are still hot, mash with a hand masher and set aside. add the cod to the simmering broth and cook until the fish is opaque, about 3 minutes. remove the fish with a slotted spoon and add to the mashed potatoes., add the eggs, cilantro, hot sauce, and salt to the fish and potato mixture. mix until well combined. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until completely cooled and firm, at least 4 hours or preferably overnight., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. coat a baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. spread the bread crumbs on a plate., using an ice cream scoop, roll the chilled fish and potato mixture into 2inch balls. then roll each ball in bread crumbs to coat completely. put the codfish balls on the prepared pan and spray the tops lightly with nonstick cooking spray, this will make them really crispy. bake until the codfish balls are nicely browned, 20 to 25 minutes. put the codfish balls on a platter and garnish with cilantro.bring soup and catsup to a boil in a large dutch oven over open fire. fry salt pork and saute onions until tender in skillet and add to the soup mixture. add all other ingredients except fish. if too thick, add 1 cup water. boil five minutes. drop in fish, and cook about 5 more minutes.cut the fillets into bitesize pieces. cut the shrimp in half lengthwise. place in a shallow, nonreactive bowl and set aside., combine the tomatoes, onion, cilantro, garlic, chile, lime juice, oil, salt and pepper in a food processor fitted with the metal blade. process until smooth. pour over fish and allow to marinate for 1 hour., place marinated fish in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. add the bell peppers and fish stock. bring to a boil. lower heat and simmer for about 10 minutes or until fish is cooked through. serve immediately with rice, if desired.for the garlic oil and confit puree place the garlic and oil in a small heavybottomed saucepot. place over mediumhigh heat and bring it up to a simmer, stirring occasionally. reduce the heat to low and poach slowly until garlic cloves are very soft, about 1 hour., strain the garlic out of the oil, reserving the garlic and oil separately., place the strained garlic into a food processor and puree until silky smooth, about 1 minute. for a richer, smoother puree, add some garlic oil back in and process to emulsify. adjust seasoning to taste., for the soup base preheat a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. add the onions and 12 cup of the reserved garlic oil and sweat, stirring frequently, until translucent, about 2 minutes. add the fennel and cook, 1 minute more. add the garlic, red and yellow peppers, bay leaves and saffron, stirring. cover and cook for 2 minutes. remove the cover and add the diced tomatoes and additional stock if using if you desire a lighter soup. bring back to a boil, turn the heat down to mediumlow and simmer, stirring occasionally, 10 to 15 minutes, then season to taste., for the bouillabaisse bring the soup base to a boil, then stir in 3 tablespoons of the reserved garlic confit puree and add the clams. cover and cook until the first clamshell opens, 20 to 30 seconds. add mussels, then stir the pot, cover and cook 20 more seconds., when the soup is boiling again and more shellfish are beginning to open, add the remaining cubed fin fish. stir, cover and cook for 30 seconds, then turn off the heat and let sit for about a minute with out opening the lid., adjust the seasoning and warm some soup bowls. divide the fish evenly among the bowls, then pour over the remaining liquid. finish with a 1 tablespoon of the garlic confit puree and sprinkle with the freshly chopped parsley. this is great with crusty bread.separate broccoli into long stalks with florets and peel off any tough skin. in a large pot of vigorously boiling salted water blanch broccoli 4 minutes. drain and immediately plunge into ice water to refresh., in a wok heat oil to smoking point. add broccoli and stirfry garlic and ginger 2 minutes, until aromatic. add broccoli, soy sauce, fish sauce, vinegar, chicken stock, sugar and msg and toss to mix well. remove from heat. using a slotted spoon, transfer broccoli to a bowl. to liquid in wok, add sesame oil. adjust seasoning to taste you may not need to add much salt and pour liquid over broccoli. marinate at least 3 hours before serving. serve at room temperature.preheat broiler and oil a shallow baking pan large enough to hold fillets in 1 layer., smash garlic with salt and in a small bowl stir together with mayonnaise, lemon juice, and pepper, to taste. arrange fillets in pan and spread mayonnaise evenly over tops. broil fillets 3 inches from heat until just cooked through, about 7 minutes.make the compote. heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onion, garlic, jalapeno, and celery, season with pepper, and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant, about 4 minutes. add the tomatoes, olives, and capers and cook, stirring, until hot, about 2 minutes more., remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and parsley. set aside covered with foil to keep warm., place a rack 5 inches from the broiler element and preheat., prepare the fish. using a sharp knife, slash the bluefish skin to form crosshatch marks. transfer the fillets to a foillined baking sheet and brush all over with the oil. season with salt and generously with pepper. broil the fish skinside down, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. if the skin comes loose during cooking, you may remove and discard it., using a metal spatula, transfer the fillets to 4 warmed plates and top with the compote. serve immediately.directions, preheat the broiler., to make the jalapenosmoked corn butter in a food processor, add the softened butter, jalepenos, smoked corn, salt, vinegar, hot red pepper sauce, and white pepper. process until fully blended. turn the machine off occasionally and scrape the sides of the processor bowl with a rubber spatula to insure that the ingredients are fully blended. transfer the corn butter to a small bowl and refrigerate., season each fish fillet on both sides with the seafood seasoning. season lightly and evenly. place the fish fillets on a shallow baking pan and drizzle the top of each fillet with about 1 tablespoon of clarified butter. add the seafood stock or water to the pan. use just enough liquid to cover the bottom of the pan. place the fish under the broiler and cook until done, 6 to 8 minutes. while the fish is cooking, make the sauce., heat 2 more tablespoons of the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the shrimp and cook, stirring constantly, just until the outside of the shrimp turns pink, 1 to 2 minutes. add the shallots and cook, stirring constantly, for 20 to 30 seconds. remove the skillet from the stove and carefully add the wine. return the skillet to the stove and bring the mixture to a boil. reduce heat to low. add the smoked corn butter in small spoonfuls and cook, shaking the skillet constantly, just until the butter melts into the sauce. remove from heat. to serve, place 1 fish fillet on each plate. top each fillet with 3 shrimp and about 14 cup of sauce. serve immediately.preheat oven to broil. remove lobster head and rinse well. remove claws, and legs. remove meat from claws and cut up roughly. break up lobster shell. split lobster tail down the center, careful not to cut all the way through., in a large casserole dish or roasting pan, add 3 tablespoons clarified butter, the onion, scallion, garlic, and carrot. saute over medium heat for a few minutes. add parsley stalks, bay leaf, and thyme. add the lobster head, claws, and legs. saute until the shells turn bright red., add the brandy and flambe. douse the flames with the wine and fish stock. add tomatoes. season with salt and pepper, and bring the sauce to a simmer. simmer for 20 minutes., meanwhile, brush a broiler rack with rest of clarified butter. place lobster tail on rack, cut side down. broil for 8 minutes. turn, drizzle cut side with a little clarified butter and cook another 6 minutes. remove the flesh from the shell and cut into chunks. keep warm on a heated serving dish., pass the sauce through a sieve into a small, clean pan. add curry powder. whisk together egg yolks and cream. whisk into sauce, stirring quickly to avoid curdling. pour sauce over lobster pieces to serve.well in advance of cooking the fish, prepare the sage butter by placing all the ingredients in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. pulse to combine well. using a rubber spatula, heap the mixture onto a sheet of waxed paper and roll to form a sausage shape. twist the ends to enclose the butter. set on a plate and refrigerate at least 1 hour to harden enough so that it can be sliced. when the butter is firm enough to slice, remove the paper wrapping and cut it into 14inch rounds, which will be used at the final moment of cooking to season the fish. keep refrigerated until ready to use. meanwhile, prepare the stuffing combining the breadcrumbs, pine nuts, jalapenos, garlic, chili powder and salt and pepper in a bowl. drizzle the 2 tablespoons vegetable oil into this mixture and blend together lightly with a fork., preheat the broiler. brush both sides of the trout with vegetable oil. season with salt and pepper and broil skinside up to crisp the skin, a maximum of 2 to 3 minutes. remove the fish from the broiler. place the fish, skinside down, in a roasting pan that has been lightly rubbed with vegetable oil. sprinkle the stuffing mixture over the fish. place the fish in a 375degree oven 6 to 7 minutes to finish cooking. when the fish have nearly finished baking, crumble several pieces of the reserved sage butter on each fillet so that, in the last moment of cooking, the butter will melt, seasoning the fish.preheat the broiler. place the butter in a small bowl and stir in the garlic, shallots, parsley, lemon juice and salt. cut the shrimp in half lengthwise, leaving them attached at the tail. spread the shrimp open and arrange them in a shallow, oval flameproof casserole. top the shrimp with generous dabs of the butter mixture and pour fumet or water into the dish. broil the shrimp until they are cooked through, about 4 minutes. arrange the shrimp in a line across 4 plates, so that the tail of each shrimp fits inside the shrimp in front of it. whisk the liquid in the casserole dish and pour it over the shrimp. serve immediately., remove the gills and eyes from the fish or have your fish store do it. cut the heads and bones across into 4inch pieces. put them in a shallow pan and cover with cold water. let stand for 1 hour, changing the water twice. drain. heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. add the onion, fennel, leek, peppercorns, salt, parsley and bay leaf. turn the heat to mediumlow and cook until the vegetables are softened but not browned, about 4 minutes. add the fish bones and cook, stirring from time to time, until the bones and any flesh around the bones turn from translucent to white, about 12 minutes. add the wine and water and bring to a boil. boil for 10 minutes, skimming off the foam as it rises to the top. remove from the heat and let rest for 10 minutes. strain the fumet through a finemesh sieve, pressing firmly on the solids to extract as much of the flavorful liquid as possible. if you have more than 3 cups of fumet, place the liquid in a clean saucepan and boil until reduced to 3 cups. store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to 2 months.position an oven rack about 2inches from the heat source and preheat the broiler., heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat. add the mushrooms, bell pepper, shallot, 12 teaspoon salt, and a few grinds of pepper. cook, covered, until the mushrooms release their liquid, about 4 minutes. uncover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are pale golden, about 5 minutes more. add the wine and boil until reduced to a glaze, about 8 minutes. add the broth and fish sauce and boil until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. stir together the cream and cornstarch, and stir into the sauce. simmer until thickened, about 1 minute. stir in the hot sauce., arrange the lemon slices, if using, on a rimmed baking sheet and broil until charred in spots. remove to a plate., melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. put the trout skinside up the baking sheet and spoon the butter over the top. sprinkle with salt and pepper and broil until just cooked through, about 2 minutes., transfer the trout to serving plates. spoon the sauce over the top and sprinkle with cilantro and bell pepper if using. serve with broiled lemon slices and more hot sauce for drizzling.combine the seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl. season each side of each fillet evenly with 12 teaspoon of the seasoning mix. place the vegetable oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over high heat just until the oil just begins to smoke, about 3 to 4 minutes. place the fillets in the pan, drizzle with butter, and cook, turning once, until they are just cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. the fillets are done when they flake easily.for the crepe batter whisk together the egg and cream in a small bowl and set aside., for the seasoned flour whisk together the allpurpose flour, granulated garlic, white pepper, black pepper and ranch dressing mix in a shallow bowl and set aside., for the bronzing flour whisk together the blackfish seasoning, sugar and yellow flour in a shallow bowl and set aside., for the snapper dredge the fish through the crepe batter and then place immediately into the seasoned flour and cover generously on all sides. set aside or in the fridge while the cream sauce is prepared., for the lime chipotle cream sauce make a roux melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a skillet or saute pan over medium heat. add the allpurpose flour and cook, stirring with a whisk constantly until the consistency of batter and there are no lumps, about 5 minutes. let the mixture reach a simmer. stir occasionally until the roux is brown and smooth, up to 20 minutes. remove from the heat and set aside., melt the remaining tablespoon of butter in a saucepan over medium heat. add the shallots and garlic and cook until translucent. add the wine and bring to a boil. stir in the chipotles, adobo sauce and lime juice. reduce the heat to mediumlow. add the cream, chicken base and hot sauce and simmer until reduced by onethird. thicken with the roux a little bit at a time, making sure to whisk it in so it doesnt clump, until desired consistency is reached. finish with salt and pepper., to finish the snapper heat a saute pan on medium heat. lightly dust the snapper filet with the bronzing flour. add 1 tablespoon of butter to the hot pan. cook the filet until crispy golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per each side. finish with some lime chipotle cream sauce and the diced green onions. reserve the remaining lime chipotle sauce for another use.directions, rinse the soaked black beans. cover with water, bring to a boil, and simmer until tender. bring the stock to the boil and simmer with the ginger. steam the seafood in a steamer over simmering stock if you dont have a steamer, place the seafood into a foil envelope, add a swig of water or white wine, and bake in the oven at its highest temperature for 5 to 10 minutes or until the clams open up., while your seafood is steaming, cook the noodles in boiling salted water until tender and drain. divide the noodles between 4 deep broth bowls and scatter with the seafood, beans, herbs and chili. check the seasoning of the broth and serve it from a teapot at the table. finish with a squeeze of lime juice.season the tilefish on both sides with salt and pepper. in a large saute pan over high heat, brown the fish on both sides in vegetable oil and then remove the fish from pan. in the same pan, saute the onions until they start to caramelize, then add scallions, tomatoes, garlic, scotch bonnet pepper and thyme. saute for 4 to 6 minutes then add soy sauce and ketchup and stir to combine. layer fish over onion mixture and then add just enough water to come half way up fish steaks. season with salt and pepper to taste. cover pan and simmer for 6 to 10 minutes or until fish is cooked through. spoon sauce over fish.heat a deepfryer to 350 degrees f., deepfry the whole snapper until lightly brown, approximately 4 minutes., saute the onion, pepper, thyme, 12 cup water and 14 cup of oil in a large saute pan, for about 2 minutes. add fish sauce and the fried fish. simmer for 5 minutes, then add the tomato, and let simmer for 1 minute. season with salt and pepper, to taste, and place on a serving platter.for the brine in a medium saucepan, bring 1 quart water to a boil. add the salt, ginger, peppercorns and star anise, if using. turn the heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. pour into a large container with 1 quart orange juice and 2 quarts water and stir well. add the turkey legs and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight no more than 18 hours., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. line a baking sheet with foil. remove the turkey legs from the brine and place on the prepared baking sheet. mix together the remaining cup orange juice and 1 cup water and pour into the pan. cover tightly with aluminum foil, and bake for 40 minutes., for the glaze meanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the brown sugar with 1 cup water, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until the sugar begins to melt. reduce the heat to low and continue to cook until the caramel begins to bubble, about 4 minutes., remove the pan from the heat and carefully pour in the soy sauce 14 cup at a time the caramel will bubble and steam, so keep it at an arms distance and allow it to calm down between additions. stir in the fish sauce, scallion whites, garlic and jalapenos. return to medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce comes to a simmer. remove the foil from the turkey legs. baste the turkey legs with half of the caramel sauce, flipping the legs over to coat both sides, and bake for another 20 minutes. repeat the process with the remainder of the sauce, and continue to cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the leg registers 165 degrees f, about 15 more minutes. remove to a serving dish and cover with foil, then allow to rest for at least 15 minutes before serving. garnish with the scallion greens.make the vinaigrette in a small saute pan, warm the vinegar, sesame oil and sugar over medium heat. when it begins to simmer lightly, 12 minutes, whisk in the olive oil and transfer to a large bowl., make the slaw toss the brussels sprouts thoroughly in the vinaigrette with a pinch of salt. stir in the purple cabbage and half of the almonds. taste for seasoning. transfer to a serving platter and top with remaining almonds and raspberries., shopping tip if you want this to be even richer, stir in a few spoonfuls of mayonnaise and use this as a slawsauce hybrid for fish tacos or classic cold cutfilled sandwichesfor the sauce put the gochugaru, soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, mirin, sesame oil, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper in a medium bowl. whisk to combine, cover with plastic wrap and set aside., for the broth put the dried anchovies, garlic, daikon, kombu, onion and 2 quarts water in a medium saucepan. bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 25 minutes. strain into a bowl or saucepan and discard the solids., for the toppings arrange the spam, cocktail sausages, bacon, tofu, tteok, pork and beans, kimchi and sliced onion in a large, lowsided skillet. add the sauce to the middle of the pot dont stir. heat on high heat for 5 minutes. add enough broth to cover all the ingredients you may not use all the broth, bring to a boil and boil on high heat for 5 minutes. mix the sauce gently into the broth so it is well incorporated. lower to medium heat and add the remaining broth. simmer for 10 more minutes, then add the ramen and cook until the noodles are just tender, 4 to 5 minutes. remove from heat and top with mozzarella, scallions and watercress. serve with steamed rice.steam or boil the fish 7 to 8 minutes. remove the fish and let cool 3 minutes, then very carefully peel and discard the skin. slowly remove the meat from the bones using a fork or small knife take your time with this as the more you pay attention, the fewer small bones you will find in your finished meal., chop the baked potato into bitesize chunks and add the fish to the potatoes. top with the bacon and onions, then add vinegar and pepper, to taste. mix all the ingredients together to a hash, using a fork, and enjoyfor the steak in a resealable plastic bag, combine the brown sugar, soy sauce, ginger, fish sauce and garlic. add the steak, toss to coat and refrigerate for at least 2 hours., for the fries preheat a deep fryer to 375 degrees f. line a sheet pan with a cooling rack or paper towels., in a large bowl, combine 1 cup of the rice flour and the allpurpose flour. add the soda water and whisk to combine. in a separate dish, combine the remaining 1 cup rice flour and 1 tablespoon salt. working a few at a time, dredge the potatoes in the rice flour then the tempura batter. shake off any excess batter and carefully place the fries in the fryer cook until golden brown and tender, about 8 minutes. transfer the fries to the prepared sheet pan and season with salt. set aside, and repeat for the remaining fries., preheat a grill or grill pan to high heat and preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., remove the steak from the marinade and brush with some canola oil. place on the grill and cook for about 5 minutes per side. transfer the steak to a sheet pan and finish cooking in the oven until medium rare, 7 to 10 minutes. transfer the steak to a cutting board and rest for at least 5 minutes, tented with foil., for the slaw in a large bowl, combine the carrots, scallions and cabbage. in a separate bowl, combine the agave, vinegar, gochugaru, sesame seeds, fish sauce and salt. add enough dressing to lightly coat the vegetables. reserve the remaining dressing for another use., slice the steak, and then serve with the kimchi slaw and tempura fries.for the broth place a large colander in the sink. place the oxtails, marrow bones, beef shin and pork hocks in a large at least 8quart pot. cover with cold water and bring to a boil over high heat. let boil for a few minutes, then remove from the heat. scoop out the bones and meat into the colander and discard the water. wash the pot. rinse off the bones and meat and put them back into the pot. fill with fresh cold water to cover by 1 inch. add the yellow onion halves and 1 tablespoon salt. bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. periodically skim the foam and some, but not all, of the fat. simmer until the meats are tender but not falling apart, 1 to 1 12 hours, then remove the beef shins and pork hocks. do not remove the oxtails or pork neck bones at this stage, if using. when the meats are completely cool, wrap them in plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve., meanwhile, cut the tops off of the lemongrass stalks, about 6 inches from the base, and discard. smash 6 of the bottom stalks with a meat pounder to bruise and open up the lemongrass. for the remaining 4 stalks, peel off 2 or 3 layers until you reach the smoother, more tender core. quarter the peeled stalks lengthwise and then slice thinly across. reserve the sliced lemongrass for the satay., add the bruised lemongrass stalks to the broth and continue to simmer until the broth has reduced by about 10 percent from its original amount, about 1 more hour, then strain the broth into a clean pot. if using, pick the meat from the cooled oxtail and pork neck bones save the beef shins and pork hocks for later and reserve discard the bones, onion and lemongrass., bring the shrimp paste and 2 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan, then let simmer for 5 minutes. skim off the foam. remove from the heat and let sit for 15 minutes for the fine solids to settle to the bottom. pour the shrimp water into the large pot of stock, leaving the fine solids behind., for the satay heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. add the annatto seeds and let the seeds infuse the oil and turn it red, about 1 minute. scoop out the seeds with a spoon and discard. add the shallots to the annatto oil and cook until starting to brown, about 2 minutes. add the garlic, chile flakes and the reserved chopped lemongrass and cook until the garlic starts to brown, about 3 minutes. add 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 4 teaspoons sugar and 12 teaspoon salt. stir to incorporate and then cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is sticky and thickened slightly to the texture of loose jam. the satay is done when a spoon dragged across the bottom of the skillet leaves a trail and the oil begins to separate from the solids. turn off the heat and remove half of the satay for serving. add about 1 cup of the broth to the remaining satay in the skillet and bring to a simmer. simmer for 5 minutes to infuse, then strain back into the pot with the broth., add the remaining tablespoon fish sauce, teaspoon sugar and 2 teaspoons salt to the broth. simmer for 15 minutes for the flavors to meld. add the pork hocks back into the simmering broth to rewarm, and slice the beef shin meat . before serving, taste the broth and add more seasoning, if necessary., meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the noodles according to the manufacturers instructions. drain very well, and divide among 8 bowls. top each bowl with a pork hock, if using, some slices of shin, some oxtail and pork neck meat, if using top with scallions, white onion and cilantro. pour hot broth into the bowls to completely cover the noodles., serve with the reserved satay and suggested garnishes on the side.whisk together shallots, vanilla bean, bay leaf, salt and stock and bring to simmer. slowly whisk in butter and warm to 145 degrees f. place sturgeon in butter and make sure butter remains at 145 degrees f. poach for 12 minutes. remove from liquid and garnish with watercress, onions, and capers.rinse the swordfish with water and pat dry with paper towels. sprinkle each steak lightly with paprika on both sides. then sprinkle each side of steaks with lemon pepper seasoning. let steaks sit for 20 minutes before grilling on barbeque. combine the white wine, butter and parsley in a small bowl. lightly baste each steak with the wine mixture. cook swordfish for about 5 to 10 minutes on each side over hot coals or on the gas grill. they should be tender when tested with a fork. allow fish to rest for 10 minutes before serving.directions, preheat cast iron skillet or corn stick mold in a 425 degree oven. in a mixing bowl, combine all ingredients with a wooden spoon, do not overmix. remove baking dish from oven and grease with vegetable spray or brush with melted butter. add batter and bake for 10 to 15 minutes for sticks and 20 minutes for loaf or cake.directions, preheat cast iron skillet or corn stick mold in a preheated 425 degree oven. in a mixing bowl, combine all ingredients with a wooden spoon, do not overmix. remove baking dish from oven and grease with vegetable spray or brush with melted butter. add batter and bake for 10 to 15 minutes for sticks and 20 minutes for each loaf.preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat., season the catfish on both sides with 1 tablespoon cajun seasoning, salt, and pepper. brush the grill pan with some of the canola oil and grill the catfish until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes on each side. remove to a plate and let cool., into a large bowl, add the cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, mustard, and egg. shred the fish with a fork and add to the bowl. fold everything together. form into 8 small cakes and set them aside., in a large skillet over medium heat, add the remaining canola oil. when it is hot, add the catfish cakes and cook until browned on each side, 4 to 5 minutes total. drain on brown paper., while the cakes are cooking, make the remoulade in a bowl, stir together the remaining 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon cajun seasoning, 1 teaspoon mustard, hot sauce, lemon juice, and garlic. reserve 12 cup remoulade for round 2 recipe cajun quesadillas., serve the catfish cakes with the remoulade.heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 3 minutes. transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon set aside. add the celery, onion and bell pepper to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and crisptender, about 3 minutes. add the garlic and cajun seasoning cook, stirring, 30 seconds., add the rice and cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 3 minutes. add the crawfish and sausage cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 2 minutes. season with 12 teaspoon salt and stir in the scallions. top with cilantro.pulse the shrimp in a food processor until finely chopped. transfer the shrimp into a large mixing bowl. add all the remaining ingredients except 1 of the beaten eggs and the bread crumbs, and fold together gently but thoroughly. roll the mixture into 1 12inch balls and dip into the beaten egg and then dredge in the bread crumbs. deepfry in 350 degree f oil until golden brown. drain on paper towels. serve with lemon wedges and more tartar or remoulade sauce for dipping.mix the crayfish, rice, eggs, scallions, cheese, hot pepper sauce, garlic powder, and salt and pepper together. test seasoning by cooking a tablespoonsworth adjust seasonings. mold the correctly seasoned cakes into round or oval cakes. lightly dust in flour and saute in vegetable oil until golden brown on both sides.preheat an outdoor grill for mediumhigh heat., toss the cabbage with 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl and set aside., stir the yogurt, lime zest, lime juice and cayenne pepper together in a small bowl and refrigerate until ready to use., brush the fillets all over with oil and season generously with salt and pepper and then with the spice rub. lay the fish on the grill and cook, undisturbed, until you see distinct grill marks and can lift the fish without it sticking, 5 to 6 minutes. test it by gently lifting a cornerif it sticks, cook it a bit longer. turn the fish over and cook until firm to the touch, about 5 minutes more., microwave or steam tortillas until warm, or grill until slightly charred but still pliable. fill each tortilla with 12 a fish filet, a sprig of cilantro and some cabbage. drizzle with the yogurt sauce and hot sauce if using. serve with lime wedges.for the broth saute the fish scraps in olive oil in a large pot until they turn red. stir in some salt and pepper and the onions, carrots and celery and cook for a few minutes. mix in the tomato paste until almost attached to the pot. pour in the wine to deglaze, and cook until reduced to almost dry. add the stock, tomatoes, dill, lemon juice, saffron, basil and parsley. bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and cook slowly for a couple of hours. strain the broth and return to the pot. add the clams and mussels, cover and cook until they open, and then remove them from the pot and reserve., for the bouillabaisse heat the oil in a large pot until hot. add the shrimp, scallops, fish and lobster tails and sear until cooked. stir in potatoes, tomatoes, herbs and fennel. divide the vegetables and fish among four bowls, and add the reserved mussels and clams. pour over the broth and garnish with croutons and saffron aioli.put the catfish, grapefruit zest, lime zest, grapefruit juice, and lime juice into a large resealable bag. put the bag into a leakproof container and refrigerate for 4 to 8 hours, turning 2 to 3 times, during this time, to evenly distribute the marinade., drain the marinade and put the fish into a large serving bowl. add the tomato, onion, olive oil, garlic, jalapeno, cilantro, oregano, salt, sugar, cumin, and avocado and stir gently to combine. cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes prior to serving.wash cockles or clams under cold running water and scrub with a stiff brush. place in a large bowl, cover with a wet towel, and reserve in the refrigerator., core and seed peppers. cut into fine julienne, about 2inches long. cut onion, zucchini, and yellow squash into similar julienne. cut sausage or prosciutto into thin 2inch lengths and finely julienne., grease both halves of the interior of a cataplana, or large heavy dutchoven kettle, with butter. put the clams in first, then the julienned vegetables, sausage, tomato, fish stock, port, and pepper. tightly close the two halves of the cataplana, using the pin and the clips on the outside to get a snug fit. then place the closed dish over high heat for 10 minutes, or until the shells open. just before the 10 minutes are up, open the cataplana, add the lemon juice and close it again for a minute or two., remove the cataplana from the stove and open it at the table. sprinkle with chopped parsley, ladle into soup bowls, and serve immediately.for the sauce in the bowl of a food processor, add the onions, celery and capers and process until finely chopped. mix the chopped vegetables with the mayonnaise, relish, seafood seasoning, pepper and celery salt., for the catfish preheat the deep fryer to 325 degrees f. in the bowl of a food processor, add the cornmeal, flour, pecans, seafood seasoning and celery salt and pulse until combined. in a separate bowl, whisk the eggs. dip the catfish slices in the eggs, then coat the catfish in the cornmeal mixture. fry the fish until golden brown. serve the hot catfish with remoulade sauce on the side.in a small bowl, combine the pepper, garlic salt, cajun seasoning, and bay leaf and mix well set aside. in a large pot, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. add the onions, celery, and green peppers and stir. add the flour and stir until blended. add the chicken broth and stir until smooth. add the tomatoes, tomato paste, and okra and stir until mixed well. add the hot sauce and seasoning mixture and mix well., bring the gumbo to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes, uncovered. add the catfish and stir to mix well. cover the pot and simmer for 20 minutes. serve with rice.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., saute the onion, celery, and pepper with 3 tablespoons of the margarine. when wilted, add the catfish chunks and the remaining 1 tablespoon margarine together with liquid crab boil and mix well. as catfish cooks, break up fish with a cooking spoon. set catfish mixture aside., in a microwave oven, melt cream cheese on high for 1 minute. add ketchup, parsley, and pepper and mix well. fold cream cheese mixture into catfish mixture and add italian bread crumbs., microwave mixture on high for 8 minutes, stirring once halfway through cooking. cut french bread lengthwise. place on cookie sheet, sliced side up. spread catfish mixture on each length of bread. sprinkle with mozzarella and cheddar mixture., bake for 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and bubbly. cut into individual slices. serve and enjoyprepare lobster place live lobster on its stomach and drive a sharp knife into point where tail meets head to kill lobster. halve crosswise where tail meets chest cavity. drain liquids from both halves into a small bowl, and spoon tomalley and coral, if lobster is female into another small bowl tomalley is a dark graygreen mass in the head section or upper tail coral will appear as dark red or black roe. twist off claws close to lobster body, split again at elbow and crack each piece with a heavy knife. discard head. split tail in half, lengthwise, and remove brown intestinal vein. halve each piece crosswise. you will have 8 pieces in all. alternatively, lightly steam lobster and cool before cutting in 8 pieces., in a large, heavy saucepan, heat oil over medium heat. add onions and cook until wilted. turn heat to high and add lobster pieces to saucepan as soon as they are ready. saute, shaking pan, 4 to 5 minutes until shells turn bright red. push lobster to sides and add chicken breasts, skin side down. cover and cook 5 to 6 minutes, until just cooked through. using a slotted spoon, remove lobster and chicken pieces. when cool enough to handle, remove meat from lobster and chicken pieces and return shells and bones to saucepan. meanwhile, deglaze pan with sherry and brandy, scraping bottom of pan to incorporate all browned bits. add fish stock, white wine, reserved lobster liquids, chopped tomatoes and herbs bring to a boil, partially cover and reduce heat to simmering., prepare the sauce in a food processor, process nuts to a fine powder. add reserved lobster tomalley and coral, garlic, chocolate, sugar and saffron. process until smooth. strain lobster stock into a bowl and discard shells and bones. if desired, chill stock and remove any fat that accumulates on top reheat before continuing. transfer sauce to a saucepan and beat in hot stock, whisking well to combine. simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. for smoothest texture, strain soup again into cleaned saucepan and return to a simmer. stir in arrowroot in a thin stream, whisking until soup thickens slightly. slice reserved lobster and chicken meat, add to soup and warm for 5 minutes. serve sprinkled with parsley.for the catfish to marinate the catfish, place the fillets and buttermilk in a flat bottomed container. allow to marinate in the fridge for a minimum 30 minutes, maximum 1 day., preheat a fryer to 350 degrees f with vegetable oil. before frying, remove the catfish from the marinade and allow any excess buttermilk to drip off. season the cornmeal with salt and pepper. coat a fillet with flour, then egg wash, then seasoned cornmeal and repeat the process with the remaining fillets before frying. fry until the catfish reaches 145 degrees f, 4 to 5 minutes. remove from the fryer and allow to drain any excess oil on a plate with paper towels., for the sauce in a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and melt. next, add the onions, peppers and celery and sweat until translucent. then stir in the flour, seafood seasoning and garlic to thicken the butter. this will take 1 to 2 minutes., next, add the cream and reduce the heat to mediumlow. cook until the cream sets. finally, add the crawfish and whisk to blend, cooking for final 2 minutes., to serve, place 12 cup grits or polenta on the plate, then a quarter of the prepared crawfish sauce and top with a crisp cooked fish. finish with green onions or chives.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. lay a 2 12footlong sheet of aluminum foil on a baking sheet, letting the ends hang off. lay another sheet of foil perpendicular on top. rinse the couscous in a finemesh sieve under cold water. mix the olive oil, paprika and 34 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. pile the couscous in the center of the foil toss with 12 tablespoon of the seasoned oil and spread in an 8inchsquare layer., brush the fish fillets on both sides with 1 tablespoon of the seasoned oil and arrange side by side on top of the couscous. toss the lemon slices, parsley, red onion, tomatoes, garlic and the remaining 12 tablespoon seasoned oil in a bowl, then scatter evenly over the fish and couscous. drizzle with 23 cup water, then bring the opposite ends of the foil together, fold over and crimp closed to make a sealed packet. transfer the foil packet on the baking sheet to the oven and bake 25 minutes., open the foil packet divide the fish among plates. toss the couscous and vegetables serve with the fish. sprinkle with the lemon juice.heat butter and olive oil in saucepan on stovetop. brown onions and tasso for 3 minutes. add the bell pepper, mushrooms, garlic and bay leaves. simmer for 3 minutes. add the catfish, worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, hot sauce, black pepper, oregano, marjoram, thyme, white pepper, red pepper, garlic powder, rosemary, and parsley flakes and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring only a few times as stirring will cause fish to break up too much. add green onions and cream and simmer for 10 minutes stirring only when necessary. serve immediately over pasta.for the remoulade in medium mixing bowl, whisk together the ketchup, mayo, vinegar, capers and horseradish. then add the celery, onions and anchovies to the above mixture. then add the dry mustard, paprika, saltpepper blend and cayenne. mix well and store up to 7 days. best to prepare 1 day in advance and do not puree or pulse the vegetables, they should be hand cut. yield 1 12 cups., for the catfish preheat the oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees f. then toast the buns in a skillet with warmed butter over medium heat until light brown, 1 to 2 minutes., in batches, lightly coat the fish fillets with the flourspice mixture, tap off excess any flour and then dip the fillets into the egg wash. finally finish the fillets in the cornmeal. then drop the breaded fillets in the oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. remove the fish from the oil and allow any excess oil to drip off., to build the sandwiches, toss the lettuce with the remoulade, and then place on the bottom bun. add the tomatoes, onions, fish and the top bun. serve.in a small bowl, combine the pepper, garlic salt, cajun seasoning, and bay leaf and mix well set aside. in a large pot, heat the vegetable oil over high heat. add the onions, celery, and green peppers and stir. add the flour and stir until blended. add the chicken broth and stir until smooth. add the tomatoes, tomato paste, and okra and stir until mixed well. add the hot sauce and seasoning mixture and mix well., bring the gumbo to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes, uncovered. add the catfish and stir to mix well. cover the pot and simmer for 20 minutes. serve with rice.bring the dashi to a simmer in a 4quart saucepan over medium heat. add the lemongrass, galangal, cilantro, habanero, fish sauce and lime juice and bring the liquid to a simmer. add the catfish and the coconut milk and cook until the fish is just cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. remove from the heat, ladle into soup bowls and serve immediately.to make the sauce mix all ingredients in a bowl and refrigerate until serving., when ready to fry, fill a large heavy pot with enough oil to measure 1 12 inches up the side of the pan and heat to 350 degrees f., to make the catfish sticks in a measuring glass, mix together buttermilk, eggs, cayenne, salt and pepper. pour into a large plastic bag, then add the catfish. seal, removing as much air as possible, and refrigerate for 10 minutes. meanwhile place flour in a shallow bowl. combine the bread crumbs with sugar and place in another shallow bowl. remove fish from the buttermilk mixture and coat lightly with flour. place strips back in the buttermilk and then dredge in the bread crumb mixture. fry strips in batches for about 3 minutes on each side or until golden brown. drain on a paper towellined plate., serve catfish sticks with dipping sauce.pat the fish dry and season with salt and pepper. put the flour in a shallow bowl. dredge the fish in the flour, shaking off the excess. heat 1 tablespoon each butter and olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the fish and cook, turning once, until opaque, about 3 minutes per side. transfer to a plate and cover with foil. add the garlic to the skillet and cook, stirring, until just golden, about 30 seconds. remove from the heat and add the wine, lemon zest and lemon juice. return to the heat and cook, stirring, until the wine is slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. season with salt and pepper. meanwhile, toss the greens with 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. divide the fish among plates. add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter to the sauce in the skillet and stir until melted. pour the butter sauce over the fish. wipe out the skillet. heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over high heat. add the capers and parsley and fry until crisp, about 1 minute sprinkle over the fish. serve with the salad and lemon wedges.heat a large griddle or nonstick skillet with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat. season tomatoes with salt and black pepper and add to hot pan. cook 1 minute per side, flipping with a spatula, until golden brown. remove from heat., in a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, basil, chives, mustard, and lemon zest. spread mixture on rolls. top with seared tomatoes, catfish, lettuce leaves, and red onion.for the coleslaw in a medium bowl, combine the coleslaw mix, red onions, radishes, and cilantro. in a small bowl, whisk together the lime juice, honey, salt, and pepper. add to the coleslaw mixture, tossing gently to coat., for the remoulade in a small bowl, combine the sour cream, garlic, green onions, mustard, lemon juice, and dill. cover and refrigerate until needed., for the catfish in a large dutch oven, pour the oil to a depth of 2 inches and heat to 350 degrees f., cut the catfish into strips. combine and whisk together the cornmeal and cajun seasoning. coat the catfish strips in the cornmeal mixture., fry the catfish, in batches if necessary, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. drain on paper towels. place 2 to 3 catfish strips in the center of each fried taco shell. top each evenly with the coleslaw mixture. dollop with the remoulade. serve with sliced avocado and lime wedges, if desired., heat the oil in a dutch oven to 350 degrees f., place the tortilla into the oil, folding into a taco shape using heatproof tongs. you will have to hold its shape with the tongs while it fries. fry until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. drain on paper towels.for the creamy grits heat the heavy cream and chicken stock to a simmer in a saucepot. rain in the grits and cook, whisking frequently, for 5 to 6 minutes. fold in the butter, cream cheese and parmesan and season with salt and white pepper. top with the milk and reserve the milk will prevent a skin from forming. fold in the milk just before serving., for the cajun sauce in a nonreactive saucepot, reduce the wine over medium heat until almost dry. add the chicken stock, cream, worcestershire, shallots and lemon juice and reduce slightly. add the paprika, seafood seasoning and thyme and simmer until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, 5 to 6 minutes. strain through a finemesh strainer and whisk in the butter. season with salt and black pepper., for the catfish heat a saute pan to medium heat. dust the catfish with the cajun spice on both sides. add the grapeseed oil and catfish to the pan and cook until done, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. transfer to a plate and top with the butter, making sure it melts completely. reserve., for the crispy kale heat a saute pan to medium heat and add the grapeseed oil. add the garlic and onions and sweat until the vegetables are translucent. add the kale and saute until wilted, about 2 minutes. stir in the chicken stock. remove from the heat and fold in the butter. season with salt and black pepper., to serve spoon some cajun sauce in the center of each plate. spoon some creamy grits on top of the sauce. add the kale, followed by the catfish.combine the milk, crab boil seasoning, pepper, salt, and onion in an electric skillet, cover, and bring to a simmer. add the catfish to the liquid, spooning some of the liquid over the fillets., reduce the heat to low, around 140 to 145 degrees, cover the skillet, and poach for 6 to 9 minutes.catfish tacos, for the chipotle cream sauce put all the ingredients in a blender, except the heavy cream and salt and pepper. blend well. remove from the blender to a mixing bowl and slowly whisk in the heavy cream. all the cream may not be needed. the correct consistency, is like a crema. add salt and pepper, to taste. add more chipotle in adobo for more spice, if desired. cover and refrigerate., for the slaw add the cabbages to a mixing bowl. toss with the carrot, onion, cilantro, olive oil and lime juice, to taste. season with salt and pepper, to taste. mix well, cover and refrigerate., for the catfish balls in a hot skillet, over medium heat, add the butter, onion, jalapeno, and garlic. as it is cooking, add a pinch of salt, cracked pepper, paprika and cumin. saute until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. set aside to cool., heat enough peanut oil in a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees f., remove any silver skin from the fillets. pulse the catfish in the food processor until it is chopped, about 30 seconds. you dont want to puree the fish, just chop it into small chunks. put the fish in a mixing bowl and add the cilantro, creole mustard, eggs, worcestershire sauce, mayonnaise and jack cheese. add the cooled onion mixture to the bowl along with another pinch of salt and pepper. mix gently with a spoon, then gently mix in 1 cup of the panko bread crumbs. the consistency will still be wet, but still formable for the catfish balls. put the remainder of the bread crumbs into a bowl. scoop out the catfish mixture using a 2 tablespoonsize scoop and form into a ball shape. dont make the catfish balls to be too big, they wont cook all the way through., roll the balls in the panko bread crumbs, and refrigerate for 15 minutes. carefully drop them into the hot oil and fry in batches of 5 or 6 depending on your fryer. do not crowd. fry the balls for about 3 to 4 minutes. they are done when they are slightly more than golden brown. remove from the oil and let cool on a paper towel lined sheet pan. check the first batch to make sure they are cooked through. repeat the process with the remaining fish mixture., remove the chipotle sauce and the slaw from the refrigerator and let stand at room temperature to remove some of the chill. heat the tortillas. stack 7 or 8 tortillas and wrap in a damp kitchen or paper towel and microwave for about 15 seconds. repeat with remaining tortillas. they can also be wrapped in foil and heated in the oven., add 2 or 3 catfish balls, depending on the size, to a tortilla, and slightly crush them. some people tear them completely apart, it is up to you. top with a little grated jack cheese, chipotle cream sauce and slaw. repeat with remaining tortillas and fillings. arrange on a serving platter and enjoy with a nice cerveza.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., cut 4 pieces of parchment paper into 1foot squares and place on a flat surface may use aluminum foil if desired. in the center each piece, lay down a piece of catfish. divide the remaining ingredients among the servings. fold in the edges of the parchment paper and seal tightly to form a bundle. rub the top of the parchment with a little olive oil to prevent the paper from scorching in the oven. place packages on baking sheet and bake until the packages puff and fish is opaque, about 15 minutes. the potatoes and tomatoes should be very soft., transfer packages to plates. allow each guest to open his or her own package at the table. serve with lemon wedges.cut catfish fillets in half set aside., in a pie dish or plate, combine corn muffin mix and cajun seasoning set aside. in a pie dish lightly beat egg with 1 tablespoon water to make egg wash set aside., dredge each catfish fillet in the flour dip into egg wash and coat with corn muffin mixture. set aside on a plate., in a deepfryer or large pot heat oil over medium to mediumhigh heat to 375 degrees f. fry catfish until golden brown, about 6 minutes. remove to plate lined with paper towels., cajun remoulade, in a small bowl, stir together all ingredients. set aside., sandwiches, spread warm garlic bread with remoulade sauce. build sandwiches with fried catfish and remaining ingredients.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., in a heavybottomed pot, dutch oven heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 365 degrees f., slice the po boy rolls in half, not cutting through, and put them on a baking sheet. lightly toast the bread in the preheated oven., combine the corn flour, seasoning and salt and pepper, to taste, in a shallow dish. pat the fillets dry and dredge them in the seasoned flour mixture, shaking of the excess., once the oil is properly heated, carefully drop the catfish into the oil. be careful not to overcrowd the pot. fry until golden brown and beginning to float to the surface, about 5 minutes. do not overcook. carefully remove the fillets with a slotted spoon or spider and drain them on paper towels. put 1 catfish fillet in each toasted roll and top with lettuce, tomatoes, and hot sauce. serve with lemon wedges.in a large frying pan, heat the oil over high heat. add the salmon in 2 batches, and cook each batch until the fillets are lightly browned, about 3 minutes. turn them over and cook their second sides for 1 minute, then remove them from the pan., reduce the heat to medium, and add a little extra oil to the pan, if needed. add the onion and garlic and cook for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. stir in the soy sauce, sugar and fish sauce. return the salmon to the pan and continue cooking until the sauce is rich, dark and syrupy, about 1 minute. season the dish liberally with black pepper, and stir in the lime juice. serve the salmon alongside some steamed rice, and drizzle the dish with the sauce, and garnish with lime wedges.for the rub place the chile powder, ginger powder, salt, cumin powder, cinnamon sticks and bay leaves in a food processor and process until the cinnamon sticks are completely pulverized into powder., for the carnitas after youve made the carnitas rub, apply it to the 5 portioned pieces of pork shoulder. refrigerate overnight., preheat the convection oven to 350 degrees f., heat a heavybottomed large braising pot and add the oil. just before the oil reaches the smoking point, carefully add in the pork shoulder pieces, one piece at a time. careful not to crowd the meat  you want it to cook evenly brown all around and get a good caramelization on the meat, turning it as little as possible. if your braising pot is too small for all 5 pieces at once, do it in small batches, eventually transferring everything into another pot which will go into the oven., once the pork is browned evenly, remove and set aside on a baking sheet., while the pan is still hot, add the onions into the same pan and sweat down. then add in your garlic and bay leaves and cook for about 5 minutes. deglaze the pan with the beer, using a wooden spoon to scrape and release all the tasty browned bits of porky goodness. reduce the beer by half, and then add in the orange juice. bring to a boil, return the pork to the braising pot followed by the orange halves, cover the pot and place into the oven. cook until the pork is tender and pulls apart easily, about 3 12 hours., reserve the pork braising liquid which you can use to heat the pulled pork back up before you add the bbq sauce to it., for the housemade ketchup mix the water and vinegar together in a large bowl., mix the tomato paste with the honey, sugar, salt, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, cayenne and garlic powder in a large heavybottomed nonreactive saucepot. mix in the liquids. whisk everything together over medium heat on your stove top. bring to a boil, turn down the heat and allow to simmer 1 12 hours. taste for salt balance, then strain through a fine mesh strainer. this is the first part of the calafia bbq sauce., for the calafia hot sauce combine the tomato paste, water, tamarind paste, orange juice, pinot noir, vinegar, fish sauce, worcestershire sauce, carrots, celery, onions habaneros, jalapenos, chipotles, ginger, brown sugar, coriander and cumin in a large heavybottomed nonreactive saucepot over medium heat. bring to a boil, turn down to a simmer and simmer for 1 12 hours., transfer the mixture to a highpowered blender and puree until ultrasmooth. pass the hot sauce through a fine mesh strainer and taste for salt balance., to make the calafia bbq sauce you combine 23 of the calafia housemade ketchup to 13 of the calafia hot sauce. if you like your sauce spicier, you can always add more hot sauce to the ketchup., once youve blended your sauces together well, introduce the sauce to the braised and pulled pork. mix small amounts of pork to sauce until youve achieved the saucy desired delicious porky consistency., now your pork is sauced and ready serve over steamed organic brown rice, sauteed organic baby spinach and roasted yams.place the hoja santa, epazote, onion, garlic and jalapenos in the container of the blender with 12 cup of the fish stock, or as needed, and puree to a smooth paste. heat the lard or butter in a dutch oven or large saucepan until bubbly over medium heat. add the pureed mixture and cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. add the remaining stock and bring to a boil. lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. taste and add salt if needed. add the fish fillets and simmer about 4 to 5 minutes, or until firm to the touch. transfer the fish filets to soup bowl and divide the stock among them. serve immediately.tomato sauce base, heat a large saucepan and add olive oil and anchovies. stir anchovies into hot oil to dissolve. add onions, celery and carrots and begin to cook until they begin to brown. add basil leaves, garlic and chili flakes and sweat to release their aromas. add sachet and tomatoes, season with salt and pepper. simmer for 45 minutes until vegetables are tender enough to easily crush with a fork. remove sachet and pass sauce through a fine food mill. reserve for cioppino base., cioppino base, combine wines and saffron. reduce wine by half. add fish stock and tomato sauce, bring to a simmer to combine flavors. check seasoning. adjust if necessary., spot prawns, place cioppino base.in a large straightsided pot. heat to just below a simmer. add fish, clams, mussels, crab and shrimp tails to pot. cover and steampoach briefly to cook and heat through each item. clams and mussels should be now open fish and shrimp should turn opaque. add calamari for the last minute of cooking. discard any clams or mussels that do not have beautiful plump meats., main dish, heat about 6 inches of oil to 365 degrees f. clean back apron of shrimp head and clean inside tail end of head. dredge shrimp heads in potato starch lightly and fry 3 minutes until very crisp and golden. drain briefly, split in 2 and season with salt and pepper. hold warm for service., spicy shrimp rouille, soak bread cubes in fish broth and place all ingredients except oil in blender. puree ingredients into a paste. pour in the oil slowly, while blending, to make a thick fluffy mayonnaise sauce., rustic crostini, rub bread with cut garlic clove and brush with melted butter and olive oil. sprinkle with, parsley, salt and pepper and toast to golden brown in oven or toaster oven., cioppino assembly, ladle cioppino sauce into hot serving dishes. arrange fish items on each dish from the back of the dish to the front. lean crostini against 2 pieces of sea bass. arrange 3 split fried shrimp heads against crostini and face forward and upright. add 1 mussel shell and mussel meats, and 1 clam shell and clam meats. add peeled shrimp tails, last piece of fish, calamari and peeled crab legs. top with chopped parsley, cover and serve. serve with lemons and spicy rouille sauce on side.pour enough oil to fill a deepfryer about a third of the way. heat the oil to 350 degrees f. pat the fish dry with paper towels. sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. dip the fish in flour and tap off the excess flour. then dip the fish into the egg wash and then the breadcrumbs, ensuring to coat evenly. repeat the process with each fillet, then carefully drop the coated fish in the fryer. cook the fish in batches until golden brown on both sides, 6 to 7 minutes. remove from the fryer and place on paper towels to drain excess oil. serve lemons on the side. serve with choice of chips and guacamole., wash, rinse and dry the potatoes. then slice to width of 12inch planks, end to end. repeat the process by cutting lengthwise, to yield 12inch by 12inch, full length fries. cut all the potatoes, cold water rinse and dry over paper towels., heat the oil to 350 degrees f in a deep fryer., next blanch the fries until the exterior starts to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. remove from the fryer and let air dry, then refrigerate on baking pans. fries need to cool 1 one hour in cooler before stacking in storage pans., return the oil to 350 degrees. drop 10 fries per order, cooking until crisp golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. remove the basket, allow any excess oil to drip, then season with salt and pepper., in a bowl, with a wooden spoon, mash the avocado and lemon juice until smooth. add the cilantro, tomatoes, salt and sriracha. serve immediately or refrigerate until serving.place fish in freezer for 10 minutes to facilitate cutting. with a very sharp knife, cut the fillets into paperthin slices and arrange on a serving plate. in a small bowl whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil. drizzle the dressing over the fish and sprinkle with the capers and peppercorns. season with the salt. let sit for 5 minutes and sprinkle with the parsley. serve with the bread.preheat a charcoal grill., for the dressing mix the ginger, sugar, garlic, chile, water, fish sauce, and vinegar. set aside., season both sides of the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper., now cover the fish with betel leaves, then enclose in the wire rack., char grill each side of the fish for 15 to 20 minutes on medium heat., cover the fish with the fish sauce dressing and garnish with sliced chile and spring onions.in a small skillet, combine the oil, jalapeno, and garlic. place the skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 5 minutes. remove the skillet from the heat, add the sugar, and stir until dissolved. transfer to a medium bowl and cool., add the carrot, coriander, lime juice, fish sauce, and scallion to the jalapeno mixture and mix well. store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.for the nigiristyle sushi cut 1 rice cereal treat bar in half lengthwise. place 1 gummy fish on each piece lengthwise. unroll the candy fruit strip and cut a 12inch strip. slice the strip in half lengthwise. wrap 1 strip around each fish to secure it to the treat bar., for the rolled sushi place the remaining fruit strip down on a cutting board. top with the remaining cereal treat bar, pressing it down to flatten it and cover the fruit strip. arrange the remaining 6 gummy fish in the center in a long line. starting at the edge closest to you, roll the cereal bar and candy away from you to form a sushi roll. gently press the candy into the cereal to secure. using a sharp knife, cut into 4 pieces.wash the fish and rub inside and out with the quartered lime and salt. refrigerate for at least 10 minutes. wipe off the lime juice and salt. preheat the oven to 300 degrees f or prepare the barbeque grill., combine all the stuffing ingredients and fill the cavity of the snapper. bake or grill the fish until the flesh is opaque, allowing about 10 minutes per pound. do not overcook.working in batches, add a third of the cauliflower to a food processor and process until it resembles rice. remove to a bowl and repeat with the remaining cauliflower. set aside., heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. add the eggs and scramble until set, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the pan and set aside., add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the pan. add the carrots and onions and cook until the onions are soft, 4 to 6 minutes. add the garlic and ginger and saute just until fragrant, 30 seconds. add the cauliflower and peas and saute until the peas have defrosted but the cauliflower is still crunchy, 4 to 5 minutes. add the black bean chile sauce, curry powder, fish sauce and sugar stir until fully incorporated. return the scrambled eggs to the pan and cook for another minute. sprinkle with the cilantro.in a large saucepan, heat the oil and add the onion, ginger and garlic. cook until softened. add the curry paste and lemon grass. pour in one cup of coconut milk, lime leaves, fish sauce and sugar. bring the sauce to a boil and add the cauliflower. stir well and cook for 5 minutes. reduce the heat to a simmer and add the eggplants, long beans, chili and remaining cup of coconut milk., the mixture is done when the eggplant it cooked through yet retains its firmness. season to taste and add cilantro leaves, retaining a few for garnish.spread salt over a serving plate. place ice cubes on plate. spoon 12 teaspoon of caviar on each ice cube. serve immediately.gently place the eggs into a large saucepan and cover with cold water. add the vinegar and place over high heat. bring to a boil and set a timer for 5 minutes. remove from the heat after 5 minutes and let sit an additional 2 minutes. drain the eggs and run under cold water. immediately peel the eggs and slice in half the long way. remove the yolks to a mixing bowl and set the whites to the side. using a fork, mash the yolks well. add the mayonnaise, anchovy paste, mustard and white pepper and mix well. spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a 6 round tip 12inch diameter. alternatively, use a sealable plastic bag with the tip cut off., set the egg whites out in a row. into half, spoon 14 teaspoon of the black caviar. into the other half spoon 12 teaspoon of the red caviar. pipe the filling on top of the caviar so that each resembles a full yolk. garnish the black caviar stuffed eggs with a small amount of the red caviar and vice versa. garnish each with a small sprig of dill and serve on a bed of mixed greens.trim the ends off the eggplant and cut it into 12inch dice. place the eggplant in a colander set over a plate or in the sink and sprinkle generously with salt. let stand for 1 hour. quickly rinse the eggplant pieces. place the pieces in paper towels and squeeze until dry., in a large deep skillet over medium heat, heat about 12inch corn oil. to test the oil, carefully place a small piece of eggplant in it. if it sizzles and cooks rapidly, the temperature is hot enough. add enough eggplant to make single layer. cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp and browned. remove the eggplant pieces with a slotted spoon. drain well on paper towels. repeat with the remaining eggplant. set aside., in a medium skillet over medium heat, cook the olive oil with the garlic and green onions for 30 seconds, or until fragrant. add the swordfish cubes, salt, and pepper. cook, stirring occasionally, until the swordfish is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. add the vinegar and cook for 1 minute. add the tomatoes and oregano. bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes, or until slightly thickened., meanwhile, bring a large pot of cold water to a boil. add salt and the cavatelli. cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, tender yet firm to the bite. drain well., in a large heated serving bowl, combine the cavatelli, sauce, and eggplant. toss well. stir in the cheese. sprinkle with oregano or parsley and serve immediately.remove skin and bones of fish and cut fish into small pieces. wash and dry fish and place in a nonmetallic container. sprinkle fish with salt and pepper, cover with onions, chiles, lime and lemon juice and mix well. cover and marinate 3 to 4 hours in the refrigerator, stirring every hour., meanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil, add corn and cook for 4 minutes. drain the corn and slice each ear into 4 pieces. wash and peel the sweet potatoes and cut into quarters. set in a saucepan with lightly salted water to cover. bring to a boil, cover loosely and boil 10 to 15 minutes or until potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife. drain, cool and slice potatoes., to serve, line a large platter with lettuce leaves. place fish and onions in the center and surround with quartered ears of corn and sweet potato slices. drizzle with extra virgin olive oil.mix the corvina, aji limo garlic, salt and pepper well. then add the lime juice, cilantro and rocoto pepper. put this combination on a plate and garnish with the slices of red onions. accompany with the sweet potatoes, roasted corn and peruvian white corn, if desired., serve immediatelyremove skin and bones of fish and cut fish into small pieces. wash and dry fish and place in a nonmetallic container. sprinkle fish with salt and pepper, cover with onions, chiles, lime and lemon juice and mix well. cover and marinate 3 to 4 hours in the refrigerator, stirring every hour., meanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil, add corn and cook for 4 minutes. drain the corn and slice each ear into 4 pieces. wash and peel the sweet potatoes and cut into quarters. set in a saucepan with lightly salted water to cover. bring to a boil, cover loosely and boil 10 to 15 minutes or until potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife. drain, cool and slice potatoes., to serve, line a large platter with lettuce leaves. place fish and onions in the center and surround with quartered ears of corn and sweet potato slices. drizzle with extra virgin olive oil.place the fish in a bowl with 3 tablespoons of the orange juice and 1 tablespoon of the lime juice. set aside and let marinate for 1 hour. remove fish from juices and place in a different bowl. add the remaining ingredients and the remaining fresh orange and lime juice.cut fish into halfinch cubes. peel, deseed, finely dice and then mince jalapeno pepper. finely dice sweet white onion and mince garlic clove. pick cilantro., zest and juice limes and lemon, reserving zest. combine above ingredients with olive oil in a bowl and refrigerate for an hour. zest, then remove grapefruit peel and cut segments from the pith. peel and seed avocados and cut into small cubes. combine lime, lemon and grapefruit zest and rough chop. stir together marinated seafood mixture with grapefruit segments, avocado cubes and zests. salt and pepper to taste. serve with white corn tortilla chips.slice the fillet into 1inch long and thin strips. remove any small bones that may be in the fillet. wash and scrub the outside of the mussels and clam to avoid any sand entering the food. slice the squid into thin rings. clean and devein the shrimp., quickly add the shrimp, squid, mussels and clam to a pot of boiling water. once the shrimp begin to turn red, remove them and blanch them in cold water immediately. when the mussels and clam begin to open, remove the them along with the squid and blanch in cold water as well. remove the mussels and clam from the shells., add the fish, lime juice, rocoto sauce, garlic puree, salt, pepper and celery to a ceramic bowl. mix this together, coating all of the fish. add the rest of the drained seafood along with the scallops to this mix. let this sit for 5 to 10 minutes., plate the seafood and add the red onions on top. any leftover lime juice mix should be poured over the onions and served with the ceviche. serve alone or with boiled potato, boiled sweet potato and peruvian choclo.for the ceviche in bowl, combine herbs, olive oil, 12 the lime juice, and salt. add the corn, tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, and sweet peppers and toss to coat. dress the seafood with 12 the spice mix, salt, and the remaining 12 lime juice. marinate in the refrigerator for 5 minutes to several hours, depending on your taste. to plate spoon 1 tablespoon hot sauce on the plate. pile the vegetables on top and garnish with the seafood. finish with a pinch of spices and herbs., for the hot sauce bring the hot peppers, sugar, salt, garlic, vinegar, and water to a boil. simmer for 20 minutes, then carefully puree and adjust.directions, whisk together everything but oil. in a thin stream, whisk in oil to form an emulsion., will keep refrigerated up to 4 days., this recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional. it has not been tested for home use., recipe courtesy of zocalo, philadelphia, pain a mixing bowl, combine the spring onions, garlic chives, shallots, garlic, black pepper, fish sauce and soy sauce., in separate bowl, combine half the marinade, minced pork, and egg and mix well., add the sliced pork belly to the remaining marinade. cover and marinate both meats in the refrigerator for 2 hours, or overnight for a better result., form the pork mixture into small round balls with oiled hands, then slightly press down on each ball to form patties, about 2 inches5 cm in diameter and 12inch 1 cm thick., heat a charcoal grill or barbecue to mediumhigh and grill the patties for 4 minutes on each side. grill the pork belly for 2 minutes on each side or until brown., place the noodles, herbs and patties on three separate platters., transfer to 4 to 6 dipping bowls., for the dipping sauce add fish sauce, vinegar, sugar and water to a saucepan. mix, then bring to the boil. transfer to a dipping bowl and add chile, garlic and lime juice.in a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar, fish sauce, honey, and pepper. mix until the sugar has dissolved. add the bashed spring onion, garlic, and sliced pork neck., coat the pork well then enclose the flavors with the vegetable oil. let the mixture marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours or overnight, for a better result., preheat a grill on medium to high heat. thread the pork onto the skewers and char grill on medium to high heat for 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until brown and cooked through., divide the cooked vermicelli noodle among 4 to 6 bowls, add the mint, perilla leaves, vietnamese mint, cucumber, and bean sprouts, then add 1 to 2 pork skewers to each bowl., dress each bowl with 2 tablespoons of dipping fish sauce, a teaspoon of spring onion oil, and sprinkle fried asian shallots and crushed peanuts on top., combine the fish sauce, vinegar, sugar, and water in a saucepan and place on medium heat. stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then allow to cool. to serve, finely chop the garlic and chile and stir through with the lime juice.mix the sesame seeds with salt., place the spring onions, lemongrass, sugar, black pepper, vegetable oil, fish sauce, honey, and oyster sauce in a mixing bowl and stir to combine. add the pork, toss to coat, then cover and marinate in the refrigerator overnight., preheat a grill. thread the pork onto bamboo skewers and char grill each side for 3 minutes., dip into sesame salt.put the asian shallots, galangal, lemongrass, lemon leaves, sesame seeds, chile powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, fish sauce, and honey in a large mixing bowl and mix together well. add the chicken, rubbing the marinade over and under its skin. cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 2 hours, or overnight for a better result., heat a barbecue grill or char grill pan to mediumhigh heat., add the chicken and cook for 15 minutes for each side. once cooked, place the chicken on a cutting board, skinside up, and chop the leg and breast into a total of eight pieces with a heavy cleaver. serve the chicken on a platter with some jasmine rice.soak the hijiki seaweed in cold water for 20 minutes. drain and set aside. in a saute pan, heat the oil. slit the skin on the top of the salmon to prevent the salmon from buckling. season the salmon with salt and white pepper. when the pan is smoking hot, saute the salmon for 1 12 minutes. turn and continue cooking for 35 seconds. remove from the pan. in the same pan, melt 1 tablespoon of butter, add the leeks, and then reduce the heat. simmer the leeks for 2 minutes. add the preserved ginger and deglaze with rice vinegar. add the mirin and fish stock, bring to a boil, and remove from the heat. stir in the hijiki seaweed and the oysters, and allow the oysters to warm through. add the shiso, whisk in the remaining butter and season with salt and white pepper. to assemble, spoon the oysters and leeks evenly into a shallow bowl. place the salmon on top and spoon in the broth.to make the tasoo blue crab gravy, preheat a large bottom pot to mediumhigh heat., add butter to pot and let melt. add ham, white onion, peppers, cajun seasoning, salt, brown sugar, onion powder, and minced garlic. stir in flour and continue to cook while stirring until you achieve a dark brown color, a brown roux. slowly whisk in 6 cups of fish stock, add slowly to help avoid lumps. bring to a boil and use remaining 2 cups of stock to adjust for consistency. remove from heat and add the crabmeat. set aside for use., in a saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, saute shrimp and sausage. place shrimp and sausage over grits, if using, and top with crab gravy sauce.to make the tasoo blue crab gravy preheat a large bottom pot to mediumhigh heat., add butter to pot and let melt. add ham, white onion, peppers, cajun seasoning, salt, brown sugar, onion powder, and minced garlic. stir in flour and continue to cook while stirring until you achieve a dark brown color, a brown roux. slowly whisk in 6 cups of fish stock, add slowly to help avoid lumps. bring to a boil and use remaining 2 cups of stock to adjust for consistency. remove from heat and add the crabmeat. set aside for use., in a saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, saute shrimp and sausage. place shrimp and sausage over grits, if using, and top with crab gravy sauce.directions, cut each chicken thigh into three equal pieces. place in a large bowl with the ginger, twothirds of the oil, and salt and pepper. cover and marinate for about 6 hours in the refrigerator., heat a large, heavybased frying pan and pour in the remaining oil. fry until the meat is colored, about 2 minutes, then drain away the excess oil., add the fish sauce, cover the pan with a lid, and steam until the sauce has dissolved, about 1 minute., now add the prepared caramel to the pan and cook until the caramel has thickened and coated the chicken in a rich golden color, about 2 minutes, stirring occasionally., to serve, arrange the chicken pieces on a serving platter and garnish with watercress., cooks note, to make caramel, place 23 cup sugar in a large, heavybottomed saucepan, add 4 tablespoons water, and bring to a boil over medium heat. leave to caramelize, about 1015 minutes. the caramel will reach a temperature of almost 180 degrees f, so care and attention are required. to caramelize sugar correctly, invest in a proper sugar thermometer. do not leave the pan unattended when sugar is caramelizing., recipe adapted from lemongrass and lime ten speed books, 2001 by mark read and christian beniansin a small saucepan, heat and reduce the sugar until caramelized, 5 minutes. add in the fish sauce, bring to a simmer, and cook until light caramel in color, 2 minutes. then add in the fish stock and coconut water and bring to a simmer, 3 minutes. in a separate pan, saute the onions, then add in the garlic and cook until fragrant and softened, 3 minutes. add the cooked onions and garlic to the caramel sauce, then add in the chiles and spring onions. place the fish in the pan, laying the thin tail of the fish on top of the spring onion, so it does not overcook. cook until ready to serve, 5 minutes. garnish with cilantro to serve.note this dish utilizes the subtlety and texture of tofu to serve as a vehicle for the spicy flavors of the sweet dressing. the combination of the 2 works really well., slice the tofu into 4 pieces and place them in a single layer on absorbent paper, lay some more paper on top and gently press down, leave for 20 minutes. this drains off excess water and makes frying easier., heat up a fry pan and drizzle in the oil, add the tofu and fry until golden, gently flip over, and cook on the other side. take out of the pan and place on a plate. place a wok over heat and add the water and sugar. stir until the sugar has dissolved and cook over a moderate heat, without stirring, until the sugar begins to caramelize and goes a golden amber color. now add the ginger, galangal, chiles, lemongrass, shrimps, and lime leaves and stir it into the caramel. it will firm up a little, but keep it cooking over the heat for 20 seconds, then add the lemon juice and fish sauce and bring to a boil. spoon the sauce over the tofu and eat while warm.in a large pot, bring salted water to a boil for the pasta., in a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat, then add the garlic and saute until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. add the clams, white wine, and stock and cover. allow to boil until the clams open, about 4 to 5 minutes., meanwhile, boil the capellini in the water until al dente. when all the clams have opened, discard the unopened ones. stir the capellini and three tablespoons of parsley into the pan juices. season with salt and pepper. serve on a platter with the clams and sprinkle with remaining parsley.in hot pan, heat oil. add clams, garlic and shallots and saute for approximately 3 minutes. add tomatoes, white wine, and fish stock and cook until clams open. add sea scallops, mussels, shrimp, and marinara. cook 3 minutes. add squid and cover and cook just until mussels and clams open. discard any unopened mussels or clams., bring 6 quarts salted water to a boil. cook angel hair approximately 6 or 7 minutes until al dente. drain well and place into 4 hot bowls., arrange seafood around plate. add butter and herbs to sauce. stir until butter is melted. spoon over pasta and garnish with fresh thyme.for the sauce heat the evoo in a pot or skillet with a lid over medium to mediumhigh heat. add the garlic, chiles and onions. cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. season with salt and stir in the sherry. cook until reduced by half. add the tomatoes and oregano, cover and cook until the whole tomatoes burst, 10 to 15 minutes. stir in the basil and parsley. remove from the heat., for the pasta bring a pot of water to a boil for the pasta, and season with salt. pat the seafood dry and sprinkle with salt, pepper and about 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning. heat the evoo in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the seafood and cook until opaque and firm or heated through for the crab or lobster. deglaze the pan with the vermouth, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom., meanwhile, cook the linguine until al dente, then drain., toss the linguine with the sauce and fold in the seafood., cooks notes serve the pasta with a green salad dressed with lemon juice and olive oil., you can make the sauce ahead of time and store it in the refrigerator reheat it over medium heat.in a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 360 degrees f., place the flour in a small shallow mixing bowl or pie plate. add the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, black pepper, salt and cayenne, and stir to combine. place the beaten eggs in another bowl, and place the panko in a third bowl., dredge a fillet in the flour, then dip in the eggs and finish with a coating of panko. repeat for the remaining fillets. place the fillets in the oil and fry until golden, 4 to 6 minutes., place each fillet on a roll. top each with 12 cup shredded lettuce and some pickle slices. finish with 2 tablespoons homemade tartar sauce or serve it alongside., place the mayonnaise, chives, cornichons, parsley, capers, lemon juice, salt and pepper in the bowl of a food processor or mini chopper fitted with a steel blade, and pulse until the pickles are finely chopped and all the ingredients are mixed but not pureed.for the seafood rub, combine all ingredients in a bowl and set aside., clean the fish, leaving bone in. drizzle the fish with lemon juice and olive oil. scatter the rub over the fish and sprinkle with soy sauce. let marinate, covered, overnight in the refrigerator., preheat the grill to medium., arrange the fish on the grill and cover with foil. grill for 15 minutes. using a broad spatula, carefully turn the fish over and continue to grill, covered, for 20 to 30 minutes., transfer the fish to a serving platter and serve.shuck the oysters and strain the liquor through a fine mesh sieve. reserve oysters and liquid separately., in a saute pan, add the butter and heat until bubbling. add the leeks, onions, shallots, and thyme and cook until transparent. in a separate large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. lower the heat, add the flour and cook the roux for 5 to 6 minutes. add the fish stock, clam juice, oyster liquor, white wine, potatoes, and virginia ham. raise heat to high and bring to a simmer. add the cooked leekonion mixture and reduce all by 14. add the corn and cook for 4 minutes. add the cream, sherry, and hot sauce and cook 4 more minutes, stirring so as not to scorch. add the rockfish, crabmeat and oysters and cook a minute or two. check salt and pepper, noting that the ham is very salty so the chowder wont need much., serve in 6 warm soup terrines and garnish with the chopped chives. serve with corn breadsticks or common crackers.to prepare the tartar sauce combine the mayonnaise, garlic, scallion, chipotle, and lime juice in a small bowl and mix well. add salt, to taste. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use. keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 week., to prepare the tacos put the fish in a large bowl. place the garlic cloves on a cutting board. slice the cloves in half lengthwise and then smash with the side of a chefs knife. sprinkle 1 teaspoon of salt over the garlic and chop and smear the garlic against the cutting board until it makes a paste. add the garlic paste to the bowl of fish. add the worcestershire sauce and 12 teaspoon pepper turning the fish to coat. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes or up to 4 hours., place the flour in a shallow dish and toss the fish pieces in it a few at a time, until theyre all evenly coated. shake off the excess flour., heat 2inches of oil to 375 degrees f in a heavy skillet or deep pot over mediumhigh heat. carefully add a few pieces of the fish at a time and fry until golden brown all over, about 4 to 6 minutes. transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. season with salt and pepper while they are still hot. allow the frying oil to return to temperature and continue to fry the fish in batches until finished., wrap the tortillas in a damp kitchen towel and place in the microwave. microwave on full power for 30 seconds until they are soft and pliable. keep warm., to serve spread a dollop of the chipotle tartar sauce onto a warmed tortilla. add a few strips of cucumber and top with 3 or 4 pieces of fish. cover with a few arugula leaves, cilantro leaves, avocado, and a little orange zest. serve with more tartar sauce on the side and lime wedges.make the slaw warm the rice vinegar and fish sauce in the microwave. combine the apple and carrot in a large bowl and add the vinegar mixture. stir in the kale and let stand 15 minutes., make the almond mayonnaise mix the almond butter, mayonnaise and sriracha in a small bowl set aside., preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. coat the chicken with the vegetable oil, soy sauce and 12 teaspoon kosher salt. grill until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes per side. let rest 5 minutes, then slice., spread almond mayonnaise on both sides of the rolls. add the chicken and top with the slaw and basil and mint.marinate the chicken combine the lemongrass, soy sauce, sesame oil, fish sauce, garlic, ginger, lime juice and 12 teaspoon pepper in a food processor and puree to make a coarse paste. transfer the paste to a large resealable plastic bag, add the chicken, squeeze out the air and seal. gently move the chicken around inside the bag to coat. refrigerate at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours., marinate the vegetables whisk the vinegar, sesame oil, honey and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. add the carrots, radishes and jalapenos and stir to coat. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 20 minutes., make the tacos brush a large grill pan with vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. remove the chicken from the marinade and grill until just cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes per side. transfer to a cutting board slice the chicken against the grain and brush with the hoisin sauce., combine the sour cream, lime juice, sriracha and scallions in a blender blend until smooth. heat the tortillas in a dry skillet or in the microwave. divide the chicken among the tortillas. drain the marinated vegetables and add to the tacos. drizzle with the lime crema. top with more scallions, cilantro and sesame seeds. serve with lime wedges.make the kebabs combine the garlic, shallot, ginger, lemongrass and cilantro in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. add the lime zest and juice, fish sauce, soy sauce, sugar and vegetable oil and process until a coarse paste forms. put the chicken in a large bowl and add the ginger paste toss to coat. cover and refrigerate 4 to 6 hours., meanwhile, make the pickled vegetables bring the vinegar, 14 cup water, the sugar and 1 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until the sugar and salt dissolve. let cool slightly. combine the carrots and cucumber in a small bowl and pour the brine over the top press the vegetables to submerge. refrigerate until chilled, 1 to 4 hours. drain, then stir in the cilantro., make the spicy mayonnaise stir the mayonnaise, lime zest and juice and sriracha in a small bowl season with salt. refrigerate until ready to serve., preheat a grill to medium. drain the chicken, brushing off any large pieces of the ginger paste. thread the chicken, daikon and jalapenos onto ten 12inch skewers. season with salt., brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. grill the kebabs, turning often, until the chicken is cooked through and wellmarked, 12 to 15 minutes. remove to a platter and sprinkle with cilantro and thai basil. serve in baguettes with the pickled vegetables, spicy mayonnaise and lime wedges.for the chicken melt butter over medium heat in a medium saute pan. add crawfish and season with salt and pepper. saute until they begin to turn opaque. deglaze pan with the brandy and allow most of the liquid to evaporate. remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. stir in shrimp paste, mayonnaise, queso panela, parmesan and bread crumbs. lay chicken breasts out, spoon 2 tablespoons of the mixture onto each chicken breast and fold to enclose stuffing. secure with toothpicks. dip each stuffed chicken breast into egg mixture and roll in seasoned flour., preheat oven to 375 degrees f., heat grapeseed oil over medium heat in an ovenproof skillet. sear chicken, leaving each side undisturbed for the first few minutes to let the flour integrate into the surface of the chicken and to prevent crusting off. transfer pan to oven and bake until chicken is fork tender, about 35 minutes., for the sauce bring chicken stock, cloves, nutmeg, and bay leaf to a simmer in a small saucepan. in a separate small saucepan saute the shallot in butter over medium heat until it turns translucent. add flour to make a roux. whisk in brandy and let cook for about 2 minutes. gradually whisk in the chicken stock mixture and season with salt and pepper, to taste. reduce heat to low and let simmer for about 15 minutes to let flavors integrate and to thicken., for the salsa heat salsa and add arrowroot to thicken., remove toothpicks from stuffed chicken and place in center of serving plate. spoon about 1 tablespoon sauce over each chicken breast and top with salsa.combine the ground chicken, onion, breadcrumbs, garlic, lemongrass, cilantro, lime zest, fish sauce and sugar into a large bowl. incorporate the ingredients well with your hands. divide and shape the mixture into 6 patties, and then cover and refrigerate them for 30 minutes., light a barbeque or preheat a chargrill pan that has been brushed with a little flavored, light oil, such as grape seed or canola., grill the patties for 4 minutes on each side or until they are fully cooked through. to serve, layer the burgers on the soft rolls with lettuce, mint, cilantro leaves and chili sauce. these burgers are great with the spicy slaw., mix together the vinegar, sugar, lime juice, fish sauce, chiles and salt. stir together until the sugar is dissolved., mix together the sugar and rice vinegar, add the carrot and let marinate for 20 minutes. drain the carrot and add to the cabbage with the celery, onion, mint and cilantro in a large bowl. add the dressing and toss together. serve with the burgers.directions, combine the coconut with the milk in a heavy saucepan. heat slowly, bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and cool. strain the milk, pressing down on the coconut meat to extract all the liquid. squeeze all the coconut through a towel to get any last drops. discard the coconut., remove the grassy tops of the lemongrass, leaving stalks about 6 inches long, and cut off any hard root section. using the blunt edge of a large knife or cleaver, bruise each stalk all over. cut each stalk into 4 pieces., in a saucepan bring chicken stock to a boil, reduce to a simmer, then add lemongrass, galanga, peppercorns, serrano chile, and lime leaves. simmer 15 minutes, then add coconut milk and cook an additional 5 minutes. add chicken pieces, straw mushrooms, snow peas, and carrots. simmer for another 10 to 12 minutes. stir in fish sauce, and lime juice and serve immediately. garnish with cilantro leaves. be careful to avoid chewing the lemongrass, galanga or ginger, or lime leaves when eating.in a mixing bowl combine sugar, fish sauce, and oyster sauce. mix well, then add the chicken and ginger massaging the marinade into the flesh., cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 20 minutes., bring a wok or saucepan to medium heat, then add oil and garlic and cook until fragrant., now turn the heat to high then add the chicken searing all sides. cover the chicken with the stock, pour in the remaining marinade and bring to the boil., skim off all impurities until clear and cover the pan. reduce the heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes., add spring onions and freshly ground black pepper, stir and cook for a further minute., transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with chile. serve with jasmine rice.drytoast the chiles de arbol and guajillo chiles in a medium castiron or nonstick skillet over medium heat until lightly blackened in spots, 30 seconds to 1 minute per side. transfer to a medium bowl and cover with hot water let sit for 20 minutes to soften. drain., meanwhile, add the shrimp paste foil packet and the coriander, cumin, cardamom, cloves and cinnamon to the skillet. toast the shrimp paste in the foil, about 1 minute per side and stir to toast the spices until golden brown in spots and very fragrant, about 2 minutes total. remove the foil packet and transfer the spices to a bowl. when completely cool, remove the shrimp paste from the foil and discard the foil. grind the spices into a powder in a spice grinder., turn the heat up to mediumhigh. add the lemongrass, galangal, garlic, cilantro roots and shallot and toast until blackened in spots, about 3 minutes. transfer to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. add the drained chiles, toasted shrimp paste, ground spices, nutmeg and 34 teaspoon salt. pulse and scrape down the food processor multiple times until you have a fine paste., place the curry paste and 12 cup coconut milk in a large pot or dutch oven over medium heat. as the mixture cooks down, stir more frequently, scraping the bottom, until the oil separates and the paste sticks aggressively to the pan, 6 to 8 minutes. add 3 tablespoons tamarind, the tablespoon fish sauce and tablespoon palm sugar and cook, stirring, a few seconds. add the chicken thighs and turn in the curry paste to coat. add the rest of the coconut milk, the peanuts, bay leaves, star anise, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 cup water., simmer gently, partially covered, until the chicken is almost cooked through and the liquid has reduced slightly, 40 minutes. tuck in the potatoes and onion, making sure the potatoes are submerged in the liquid. simmer, partially covered, until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 more minutes. add 2 more tablespoons of tamarind. taste and adjust with more tamarind, fish sauce, sugar and salt, if necessary. there might be a layer of bright orange oil on top. feel free to skim some of it off, but it is traditional to leave some oil in the curry., serve with the steamed jasmine rice.for the pickle combine the carrot, chile, rice wine vinegar, fish sauce, sugar, brown sugar and sambal in a pint container. shake to combine. let sit for 1 hour., for the broth coat a small stockpot with canola oil and bring to medium heat. add the garlic, ginger and scallions, and sweat until aromatic, 5 to 6 minutes. add the chicken stock, fish sauce, star anise and cinnamon. bring to boil, then reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes., place chicken breasts in the broth and poach until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. when fully cooked, remove from broth and slice thinly on the bias. set aside. strain the broth., blanch and shock in an ice water bath first the sugar snap peas and then the noodles. set aside., to assemble place the noodles in a bowl and top with chicken. garnish with sugar snap peas, pickled vegetables, chopped peanuts, basil and mung beans. gently pour broth into the bowl. add a squeeze of lime juice and enjoyin a medium sized bowl, whisk together the chicken stock, coconut milk, soy sauce, shallot, garlic, fish sauce, brown sugar, lime zest, and ginger. add the chicken strips and marinate for 1 hour. remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade., spray a nonstick grill pan with cooking spray and preheat over a mediumhigh flame. while pan is heating, thread chicken onto skewers. grill 2 to 3 minutes per side, until meat is cooked through and has light grill marks., serve chicken skewers with peanut dipping sauce, and garnish with basil or cilantro and chopped peanuts., yield 4 servings 2 skewers and 2 tablespoons peanut sauce per serving, place all ingredients in blender and blend until smooth., sauce can be made 1 day ahead of time, and will keep 3 to 4 days in the refrigerator.in a bowl, combine all the marinade ingredients except the chicken. slice the chicken into long, thin strips, about 3 inches long by 1 inch wide, and add to marinade. turn chicken to coat, cover and refrigerate for up to 4 hours., meanwhile, prepare the sauce bring the coconut milk to a simmer in a small saucepan. whisk in curry paste until dissolved, about 1 to 2 minutes. whisk in peanut butter, stock and sugar, reduce heat and cook until smooth, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes. remove from heat and add tamarind juice and salt. set aside to cool to room temperature., prepare relish place cucumber, shallot, and chili slices in a small bowl. heat the vinegar, sugar and salt in a small saucepan, stirring, until mixture reaches a boil and sugar is dissolved, about 3 minutes. remove from the heat, cool to room temperature, and then pour over cucumber mixture. garnish with cilantro leaves and set aside., prepare grill and thread marinated chicken onto soaked bamboo skewers. place on grill and cook 5 to 7 minutes, or until cooked through, turning once. serve with peanut sauce and cucumber relish.lightly bruise half of the peppercorns in a mortar and pestle. remove and transfer to a large mixing bowl. add 1 tablespoon garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, and then add the chicken. mix and coat the chicken pieces well. cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour., bring a large pot to high heat and add the oil, remaining garlic, remaining peppercorns, and fry until fragrant. now add the marinated chicken and sear both sides until slightly browned. add the tomatoes, carrots, and annatto oil. stir to combine, and then add the red shallots, onion, coconut juice, fish sauce, and remaining sugar and salt., bring the mixture to the boil and skim off and discard any impurities that rise to the surface. turn the heat to mediumlow and allow to simmer for 40 minutes uncovered., transfer to a deep bowl, garnish with peppercorns and serve with crisp baguette.slice the chicken into thin pieces, 18inch thick and 2 to 3 inches long., heat the oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. add the chicken and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, tossing over high heat until it begins to brown evenly. add mushrooms and carrots and stir fry briefly, shaking the pan and tossing the chicken and mushrooms together., add the cabbage and stir to combine well. add the fish sauce and sesame oil. cook the cabbage briefly before adding the chicken broth. bring quickly to the boil and reduce for a moment before adding the honey, vinegar, salt and pepper. toss for another 1 minute. add the dissolved cornstarch and stir in to coat evenly. remove from the head before the cabbage loses its crispness and color and serve.for the luau leaves, have a large bowl of ice water standing by. in a large pot fitted with a steamer basket or use a stainless steel colander with handles, steam the luau leaves until soft but still bright green, and then plunge the steamer basket into the ice water to stop the cooking. set the steamer basket on a utility platter or over a pot to let drain well and cool., lay the steamed luau leaves out on your work surface, then lay a piece of chicken or a piece of pork on each leaf topped with a piece of fish. season with sea salt. enclose the meat and fish in the luau leaves and then package them in ti leaves or aluminum foil. if you are using ti leaves, arrange the leaves perpendicular to each other in across arrangement. the stem of the ti leaf acts as the string to tie the package shut. the chicken and pork lau lau can then be cooked in an imu the earthen oven or in a conventional oven at 350 degrees f until cooked through, about 1 hour. for a description of the imu, please refer to the recipe for whole kahlua pig roasted in an imu for a luau.bring a large pan of water to a boil. add asparagus and cook until tender yet crisp about 2 minutes. drain., cut seafood and chicken into 12 inch cubes. coat both with cornstarch, egg white, salt and pepper., place a wok over high heat until hot. add oil and swirl to coat the sides. add ginger and cook, stirring until fragrant, about 10 seconds. add seafood, chicken and green onions and stir fry for 1 minute. add broth, oyster sauce, and fish sauce and bring to a boil. add cornstarch solution and cook, stirring, until sauce boils and thickens. add asparagus and toss to mix., to make basket, heat cooking oil in a wok for deep frying to about 30 degrees f. rinse shredded potato under cold running water squeeze well to remove as much moisture as possible and pat dry with paper towels. toss potato with cornstarch. dip strainers into hot oil to coat them. line one strainer with potato to a thickness of about 38 inch. nest second strainer on top, and immerse strainers in oil. deep fry until golden brown. remove potato from the basket and drain on paper towels. fill immediately with seafood mixture.using a food processor, combine the mirin, soy sauce, fish sauce, rice vinegar, lime juice, garlic, sambal, sweet soy sauce, sake, and green onions. blend at high speed until the mixture achieves a smooth consistency. divide the marinade in half and place in 2 separate pans., trim the chicken breast, removing all of the fat and sinew. cut the chicken lengthwise into 4inch strips. stab the skewers through the chicken and soak in 1 of the pans filled with marinade for at least 2 hours., thread the prepared shiitake caps, tomatoes, onion, and eggplant onto a new set of skewers, and soak in the other pan of marinade. let sit for at least 2 hours., when other elements are ready, grill skewers over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes per side., on a large plate, spread the peanut sauce to cover about 34 of the plate. place a radicchio cup in the center of the plate and fill with the somen noodle salad. place 4 chicken skewers and 1 vegetable skewer on the plate and garnish with the remaining 2 tablespoons green onions and peanuts., prepare a medium saucepot coated with oil over medium heat. when the oil shimmers, add the shallots and saute until carmelized. deglaze the pan with the fish sauce and add the coconut milk, peanut butter, sweet soy sauce, and sambal. stir to combine and then bring to a boil for 2 minutes. remove from heat, pour into a food processor, and blend until smooth., bring a large pot filled with salted water to a boil, add the somen noodles cook for about 2 minutes. immediately transfer the noodles to a bowl filled with ice water to stop the cooking. drain the noodles and drizzle with the canola oil to prevent them from sticking., in a large mixing bowl, combine the noodles, radicchio, carrots, 2 tablespoons of green onions, peanut sauce, sweet soy sauce, lime juice, salt and pepper. mix well to coat the noodles. place in the refrigerator until ready for use.in a large pot, heat oil until hot and brown chicken pieces on all sides. remove chicken temporarily., in the same frying pan, add the onions and stir until soft and slightly brown. add the tomato paste and salt, and stir well., add all the prepared vegetables and fish sauce to the pot. return the chicken to the pot and add just enough water to cover. bring to a boil, stir, and reduce heat to medium. simmer for approximately 30 minutes. check the vegetables to avoid overcooking, removing them in a bowl as they are done., when all the vegetables are cooked and removed from the stew, add the peanut butter or tigadege, 1 tablespoon at a time to make sure it is well dissolved in the broth. add the scotch bonnet pepper, if using and simmer until broth thickens, about 20 to 30 minutes., return all the vegetables to the pot and simmer 5 minutes more. serve over white rice.wearing rubber gloves, remove jalapeno seeds and membrane and discard. prepare all the above ingredients, combine and refrigerate., for the spicy paste combine the above ingredients to form a spicy paste., for the sea bass preheat oven to 375 degrees. season fish with salt and pepper and coat with flour. brush a heavy coating of the spice paste on the skin of the fish. add 2 tablespoons of oil to a very hot ovensafe skillet and sear the fish skin side down. when the skin is crispy, place the fish in the oven for approximately 10 to 12 minutes until done. serve with spicy fruit salsa.make the sauce slice shallots, saute with butter and add white wine. cook total reduction, add fish stock, and reduce to 12. add heavy cream. blend with 2 ounces of butter add the soy, salt and pepper to taste. keep warm., make the garnish slice the onion, dredge in flour. shake off excess and fry until golden brown. keep warm on a paper towel. cut the scallion and saute with olive oil. mix with the whipped potatoes. salt and pepper to taste. keep warm. peel, deseed and dice tomatoes. cut chives., progression saute the bass with olive oil, salt and pepper to taste. when thoroughly cooked squeeze lemon juice on fish., ready to eat to serve, place some whipped potatoes on the center of the plate. add tomatoes and chives to the sauce, place around the potatoes. place the fish on the potatoes and top with fried onions. serve hot.whisk together lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, vinegar, chile paste and green onions in a bowl.for the basmati rice melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. add the rice and cook, stirring, until well coated, about 1 minute. add the chicken broth, 1 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil. cover, reduce the heat to low, and cook until the liquid has been absorbed, about 12 minutes., remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 3 minutes. stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper., for the chicken sambal whisk together the ponzu, sambal, brown sugar and fish sauce in a small bowl. set aside., sprinkle the chicken breasts and thighs liberally with salt and pepper on both sides., heat the coconut oil in a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. in two batches, add the chicken, skinside down, and sear until golden brown, about 6 minutes flip and sear on the reverse side, another 2 minutes. transfer the chicken to a plate., reduce the heat to medium and stir in the onions, garlic, lemongrass and galangal. saute until the onions have softened and the garlic, lemongrass and galangal are lightly toasted, 5 minutes. add the crushed tomatoes and the sambal mixture bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. return the chicken to the pot, skinside up, and simmer for 20 minutes to finish cooking through., serve over the rice, garnished with lime wedges, scallions and cilantro.whisk together fish sauce, lime juice, lemongrass, agave, soy sauce, ginger, chili flakes and garlic makes 34 cup. pour 12 cup marinade into a shallow baking dish reserve the remaining 14 cup. thinly slice chicken crosswise, with your knife slightly on the diagonal. add the chicken to the marinade in the baking dish, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours., strain reserved marinade into a large bowl whisk with the vegetable oil. add the shredded cabbage, snap peas and cilantro cover with plastic and refrigerate until ready to serve., preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh soak about 24 skewers in water for 20 minutes. thread chicken onto skewers. lightly oil grill grates sear or grill chicken in batches until cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. toss slaw serve with chicken and spicy peanut sauce, if desired., combine all ingredients in a bowl with 1 tablespoon water whisk until smooth.for the satay whisk together the coconut milk, vegetable oil, lime juice, brown sugar, ginger, fish sauce, soy sauce, curry powder and garlic in a medium bowl., cut each chicken breast on the diagonal into 6 strips. flatten the strips to a 14inch thickness with the back of a chefs knife or meat mallet. put the strips in a large resealable plastic bag and pour in the marinade. marinate in the refrigerator, at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours., for the peanut sauce meanwhile, heat the peanut oil in a small saute pan over mediumlow heat until hot. add the onion and jalapeno and cook until softened and fragrant, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and ginger and cook for 20 seconds. then add the coconut milk, peanut butter and curry paste. increase the heat to medium and whisk until the mixture comes together, 2 to 3 minutes. turn off the heat and whisk in the lime juice, soy sauce and fish sauce. if the sauce separates before you are ready to serve, whisk it until it emulsifies and use immediately., preheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. drain the chicken from the marinade and pat it dry. thread the chicken onto the skewers. grill, turning once, until the chicken is cooked through and lightly charred in places, 2 to 3 minutes per side. serve with the peanut sauce for dipping.preheat the broiler to high. soak onion in a bowl of very cold water., in a medium bowl, whisk together the lime juice, honey, 2 teaspoons of oil, and 12 teaspoon of salt., trim the top and bottom off the grapefruit to expose the inner fruit. following the curve of the fruit cut off the skin and white pith. cut the segments free from the membrane and add to the dressing. repeat with the oranges. for help with this, see our video demo of segmenting an orange. add the jalapeno, jicama, and fresh coriander to the citrus mixture. drain the onions and stir to comb