preheat the oven to 450f. place a silicone liner on a large baking sheet or spray with oil if using parchment., in a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt and whisk well., add the yogurt and mix with a fork or spatula until well combined, it will look like small crumbles., lightly dust flour on a work surface and remove dough from the bowl, knead the dough a few times until dough is tacky, but not sticky, about 20 turns it should not leave dough on your hand when you pull away., divide into 4 equal balls about 338 oz each., sprinkle a work surface and rolling pin with a little flour roll the dough out into thin ovals 7 to 8 inches in diameter and place on the prepared baking sheet., spritz the dough with olive oil. sprinkle everything bagel seasoning in a 1inch boarder around the edge., combine half of the red onion with olive oil, scatter the onion in the center of each., transfer to the oven and bake 10 to 14 minutes, until the crust is golden and crisp., remove from oven and dallop cream cheese in the center of each, leaving the edge clear., top with tomato, then salmon and top with capers and dill., preheat the air fryer to 400f., when the air fryer is ready, transfer the dough, to the basket and bake until firm and golden, 5 to 6 minutes turning once half way. repeat with the remaining dough.place the corned beef brisket, carrots, pearl onions, parsley, bay leaves and peppercorns in the instant pot and add 3 cups of water., cover and cook on high pressure 1 12 hours. natural release then open., add the cabbage to the top, cover and cook on high pressure 3 minutes, quick release., remove meat and slice into 6 pieces.heat a heavy medium skillet over high heat. add the ground beef, season with salt and pepper. saute until the meat browns, drain then add the onion and garlic, cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. remove from the heat, and cool., in a medium bowl, combine the ricotta cheese, cooled ground beef, parsley, 1 cup mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, egg, salt and black pepper. transfer the a piping bag or gallon size ziplock bag, with a 12 inch hole snipped off the corner and stuff each uncooked manicotti shell with about generous 14 cup each., spread 1 cup of the sauce mixture into a greased 13x9in. baking dish. arrange stuffed manicotti shells in a single layer over sauce. top with remaining sauce. cover tight with foil and bake at 375f until pasta is tender, 60 to 65 minutes, until the pasta is tender and cooked. uncover sprinkle with remaining cheese and bake covered 3 minutes longer or until cheese is melted.in a large bowl combine the tomatoes, red onion, basil, olive oil, garlic and season liberally with salt and pepper., let the tomato mixture sit room temperature for about 20 minutes to let the flavors blend the juices from the tomatoes will release and create a kind of dressing. toss well., when ready to serve, toss the tomato mixture and divide in 4 bowls. eat with crusty bread if desired.slow cooker directions, place the onions in a bowl and microwave about 2 minutes to sweat them out or you can saute on the stove., add all sauce ingredients to the slow cooker. stir to combine., in a large bowl, combine all meatball ingredients, leaving 2 tablespoons of cilantro for garnish., gently form into 20 small meatballs. please note form the meatballs with gentle hands, if you pack them tight they will get tough while cooking., place the meatballs on top of the sauce, cover and cook low 4 to 6 hours or high 2 to 3 hours., top with remaining 2 tablespoons of cilantro and serve over brown rice or cauliflower rice, if desired., instant pot directions, press saute and spray the cooking insert with oil, add the onions and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until softened., add the remaining sauce ingredients and stir to combine., in a large bowl, combine all meatball ingredients, leaving 2 tablespoons of cilantro for garnish., gently form into 20 small meatballs. please note form the meatballs with gentle hands, if you pack them tight they will get tough while cooking., place the meatballs on top of the sauce, cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes, natural release., top with remaining 2 tablespoons of cilantro and serve over brown rice or cauliflower rice, if desired.roast the spaghetti squash, see directions here., press saute on the instant pot and heat the oil, add the onions, carrots and garlic and cook until golden, about 3 minutes., season the beef with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper then transfer to the pressure cooker., top with mushrooms then pour the tomatoes and water over the beef, add the boullion, cheese rind, bay leaves and thyme., cover and cook high pressure, 45 minutes. quick or natural release., let the pressure release, discard bay leaves, thyme and rind., transfer the beef to a plate and shred the meat with two forks, return to the sauce., to serve, place just under 1 cup sauce over each spaghetti squash half, 1 tablespoon of grated percorino romano and 1 tablespoon of ricotta cheese. finish with parsley and serve hot., in a large heavy pot or dutch oven, heat the oil over mediumhigh, add the onions, carrots and garlic and cook until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes., season the beef with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper then transfer to the pot., top with mushrooms then pour the tomatoes and 12 cup water over the beef, add the boullion, cheese rind, bay leaves and thyme., cover and cook low heat, until the meat is tender, 112 to 2 hours., discard bay leaves, thyme and rind., transfer the beef to a plate and shred the meat with two forks, return to the sauce., to serve, place just under 1 cup sauce over each spaghetti squash half, 1 tablespoon of grated percorino romano and 1 tablespoon of ricotta cheese. finish with parsley and serve hot.stove top, in a large pot or dutch oven, brown ground meat on high heat and season with salt., drain fat if any, reduce heat to mediumlow, then add peppers, onions and garlic., cook about 5 minutes on low heat., add tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken broth, marjoram and season with salt and pepper to taste. cover and simmer on low heat for 30 minutes., serve about 1 12 cups of soup in each bowl and top with 12 cup cooked brown rice., instant pot, press saute button on instant pot, spray the pot with nonstick spray, add the ground meat and salt and cook until no longer pink, 5 to 8 minutes., drain fat if any, then add peppers, onions and garlic and cook 4 to 5 minutes., add tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken broth, marjoram and season with salt and pepper to taste. cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes. natural release., serve about 1 12 cups of soup in each bowl and top with 12 cup cooked brown rice., note since there is no evaporation in the pressure cooker, you can reduce the broth by 12 cup.rub garlic all over meat then season with salt, cumin and black pepper., to broil, place steak on rack in broiler pan so surface of beef is 3 to 4 inches from heat. broil about 3 minutes on each side for medium rare to medium. to grill, heat the grill and oil the grates. when hot, grill over mediumhigh heat about 3 minutes on each side for medium rare to medium. to cook in a skillet, heat a skillet over high heat and let the skillet get very hot. when its hot, spray with oil and cook the steaks about 3 minutes on each side for medium rare to medium., squeeze juice from 1 lime wedge over each steak. slice steaks into thin slices., to serve, divide the lettuce, pico de gallo, cheese and guacamole between two plates., serve with steak garnish with lime wedges and jalapeno, if desired.slice beef into thin slices with the grain. cut each strip across the grain about 1 long so you have small thin slices. place in a bowl and add 4 tsp of soy sauce, 1 tbsp of rice wine, 1 tsp cornstarch and black pepper., in a small bowl, mix 3 tbsp soy sauce, 1 tbsp water and 2 tsp cornstarch. set aside., heat the wok on high heat. swirl in 2 teaspoons of the oil and add the beef spreading evenly in the wok. cook undisturbed for 20 seconds letting the beef brown. using a spatula, stir meat, cooking another 2 minutes. transfer to a plate., add remaining teaspoon of oil to wok, add peppers and onions and cook about 4 to 5 minutes. return beef to the wok, add the sauce and red pepper flakes and stir fry about 30 seconds until slightly thickened.season the meat with salt and pepper., for the chimichurri, combine the red onion, vinegar, salt and olive oil and let it sit for about 5 minutes. add the remaining ingredients and mix set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use can be made a few hours ahead., place the onions, beef and tomatoes onto the skewers., prepare the grill on high heat. grill the steaks to desired doneness, about 2 to 3 minutes per side for mediumrare. transfer steaks to a platter and top with chimichurri sauce.using a small spoon or melon baller, hollow out the center of the zucchini halves, leaving 14inch thick shell on each half., chop the scooped out flesh of the zucchini in small pieces and set aside 23 of a cup to use in the meat filling, saving the rest to use in another recipe., drop the zucchini in boiling water for 1 minute, remove and drain., heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the ground beef with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon cumin until browned and cooked through, breaking up into smaller pieces with a wooden spoon as it cooks, about 34 minutes. transfer the cooked meat to a bowl., add the oil to the skillet and cook the onions and garlic over medium heat until golden, about 3 minutes., add the tomatoes, a pinch of salt and simmer about 4 to 5 minutes, until it creates a sauce., to the skillet, add 23 cup of the reserved chopped zucchini and season with salt and pepper, to taste. cook until soft, about 4 minutes., return the cooked meat to the skillet and simmer covered for about 8 minutes until tender. add the chopped hard boiled eggs and cook 2 to 3 minutes, adjusting salt and pepper to taste as needed., on a clean working surface, fill the hollowed out zucchinis with the meat filling, dividing equally between each one., place the broth in large deep 6quart saucepan with a fitted lid. heat over medium heat and add the stuffed zucchini halves into the saucepan, cover and reduce heat to low, cook for about 10 minutes, or until the zucchini is soft and cooked through.in a 56 qt crock pot, place brisket, carrots, parsnips, pearl onions, parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns and 3 cups of water., cover and cook on high 4 hours., add cabbage, cook on high 1 hour 20 minutes more., remove meat, slice and serve with cauliflower puree or buttermilk mashed potatoes. enjoypress saute on the instant pot, saute the pancetta over low heat until the fat melts, about 45 minutes., add the butter, onion, celery and carrots and cook until soft, about 6 to 8 minutes., add the meat and season it with 34 teaspoons salt and black pepper to taste and saute until browned, about 4 to 5 minutes, breaking the meat up into smaller pieces with a wooden spoon as it cooks., add the wine and cook until it reduces down, about 34 minutes., add crushed tomatoes, bay leaves, 34 teaspoon salt and fresh cracked black pepper cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes., natural release, stir in the half  half and garnish with parsley serve over your favorite pasta, zucchini noodles or spaghetti squash.pressure cooker chili recipe, press saute on the instant pot, brown the beef and season with salt. cook breaking beef into 34inch crumbles and stirring occasionally, 5 minutes., add the onion and bell pepper and cook 1 to 2 minutes. add the beans, tomatoes, tomato sauce, beer and spices., cover and cook on high pressure 20 minutes to blend the flavors. natural release., serve with toppings, as desired., classic stove top chili recipe, heat a large pot on mediumhigh heat, brown the beef and season with salt. cook breaking beef into 34inch crumbles and stirring occasionally, 5 minutes., add the onion and bell pepper and cook 1 to 2 minutes. add the beans, tomatoes, tomato sauce, beer and spices., cover and cook low heat 30 minutes to blend the flavors, stirring occasionally., serve with toppings, as desired., slow cooker directions, cook on low 8 hours.heat a large pot or dutch oven over high heat., when hot add the beef and salt and cook, breaking up about 3 minutes., add the onions, and garlic and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes., add the crushed tomatoes, black pepper, water and basil and stir, add the spaghetti, making sure the liquid covers everything without stirring., cover and cook mediumlow heat until the water is absorbed and the pasta is cooked, about 17 minutes., serve topped with grated cheese if desiredpat the roast dry with a paper towel. combine the onion powder, black pepper and salt and rub all over the roast then place into the slow cooker., add the italian salad dressing mix, broth, garlic and bay leaf. cover and cook on high 5 to 6 hours or low 10 to 12 hours, until very tender and easily shreds with two forks., when done, remove bay leaf and shred the beef. add 1 cup of the pepperoncinis and the bell peppers to the slow cooker, cover and cook high 30 minutes or low 1 hour., to serve, top each roll or bread with 3 oz meat mixture, top with 1 slice cheese, and some of the remaining pepperoncinis. serve the remaining liquid as a dip for the sandwich, if desired. if desired, place the bread under the broiler 23 minutes to melt the cheese.in a large pot, heat the coconut oil over medium heat. add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. add the mushrooms and cook, stirring, for about 3 minutes. add the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. add the broth, coconut aminos, fish sauce, and salt. bring to a boil reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes., meanwhile, use a spiralizer or julienne peeler to cut the zucchini lengthwise into long, thin strands or use a regular vegetable peeler to cut the zucchini lengthwise into thin ribbons. add the zucchini noodles to the simmering soup and cook until just tender, about 1 12 minutes. add the sliced steak and simmer until just cooked, 30 to 60 seconds. ladle the soup into bowls and serve with the toppings of your choice.bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil, then add the broccoli rabe. blanch for about 112 to 2 minutes, drain well and set aside in a colander to cool. finely chop 34 cup of the florets and leaves 334 ounces and set the rest aside for another use i sauteed it with garlic and oil., meanwhile, in a medium bowl combine the bread with milk, tossing to coat. let stand, tossing occasionally, until bread is completely moist, about 10 minutes. squeeze bread between your fingers or mash with a spoon to make sure there are no dry spots if there are dry spots that refuse to moisten, add more milk 1 tablespoon at a time until bread is moist throughout., add the ground beef, chopped broccoli rabe, grated cheese, egg, fresh garlic, salt and pepper. mix with clean hands, then gently form into 15 meatballs, about 14 cup each and transfer to a large baking sheet. broil on the 2nd rack from the top until the top is golden, about 8 to 10 minutes., in a small skillet heat the oil over medium heat, add the garlic and cook until golden on both sides., pour the crushed tomatoes into a 6quart slow cooker. add salt and pepper, bay leaf and the garlic. gently place the meatballs into the sauce, cover and cook low 4 to 6 hours or high 2 to 3 hours.slow cooker, place all the ingredients except the scallion, avocado and goat cheese in the slow cooker and cook on low 8 hours. when done, break up the ground meat with a wooden spoon and add half of the goat cheese if using., serve garnished with scallions and avocado on top., instant pot, place all the ingredients except the scallion, avocado and goat cheese in the pressure cooker and cook high pressure 25 minutes. when done, break up the ground meat with a wooden spoon and add half of the goat cheese if using., serve garnished with scallions and avocado on top.instant pot, press the saute button on the instant pot. spray with oil then add the beef and salt, cook breaking the meat up until browned, about 5 minutes. add the onion, garlic, marjoram and black pepper and stir. add the tomato sauce, paprika, beef broth and raisins, cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes., quick release, add the rice and cabbage and cook 3 minutes high pressure. quick release and serve with additional rice if desired., stove top directions, heat a large pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, spray with oil then add the beef and salt, cook breaking the meat up until browned, about 5 minutes. add the onion, garlic, marjoram and black pepper and stir. add the tomato sauce, 14 cup water, paprika, beef broth and raisins, cover and cook mediumlow 25 minutes., add the cooked rice and cabbage and cook 8 to 10 minutes, or until the cabbage is tender. serve with additional rice if desired.using your hands, gently mix together the beef, bacon, mustard, salt, onion powder and pepper., form into 30 golf ball size meatballs., heat a grill or grill pan to high heat and grill 3 minutes on each side, or until your desired doneness., place on skewers with lettuce, pickles and tomatoes and serve with ketchup and mustard for dipping.instant pot, assuming your electric pressure cooker has a saute option, or if using the instant pot, press the saute button and let the pressure cooker get very hot, when hot spray with oil, add the ground beef and salt and cook until browned breaking the meat up into small pieces as it cooks, 3 to 4 minutes., when browned, add the onion, celery and carrots and saute 4 to 5 minutes., add the tomatoes, cabbage, beef stock and bay leaves, lock the lid cook high pressure 20 minutes., let the steam release naturally. remove bay leaves and serve. makes 11 cups., stove top, follow the same directions as above in a large pot or dutch oven, cook covered low 40 minutes.cook the sweet potatoes by poking holes all over with a fork, then cook in microwave 7 to 10 minutes, or slow cooker low 6 to 8 hours or oven 425f about 45 minutes, or until tender., heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. add the meat and steak seasoning to the pan and cook, breaking it up into small pieces. add the onion, garlic, carrots, mushrooms and red peppers to the skillet. reduce heat to medium and add red wine vinegar and worcestershire sauce, cook 4 to 5 minutes. add tomato sauce, paste and water to the skillet, stir to combine. cover and reduce heat to simmer and cook until carrots are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes., to serve, cut sweet potatoes open, sprinkle with a pinch of salt and top each with 12 cup of meat and scallion for garnish.press saute button, when hot brown meat and season with salt and pepper. use a wooden spoon to break the meat up into small pieces until no longer pink., add onion, garlic, tomato, salt, pepper and cilantro and stir 1 minute, add alcaparrado or olives and about 2 tbsp of the brine the juice from the olives, this adds great flavor cumin, and bay leaf. add tomato sauce and 3 tablespoons of water and mix well. cover and cook high pressure 15 minutes. natural or quick release and enjoyheat a large nonstick skillet or set the instant pot to saute and spray with oil saute the onions over medium heat until golden, stirring 2 to 3 minutes. remove and divide in two., in a large bowl, combine half of the sauteed onions with the ground turkey, bread crumbs, egg, 2 tbsp of the parsley, milk, 34 tsp salt and black pepper. gently shape into 20 meatballs., in a blender combine the water, sour cream, flour, tomato paste, boullion, worcestershire sauce and paprika, blend until smooth., heat the skillet or instant pot back on saute, add the oil and brown half of the meatballs without disturbing in two batches about 2 minutes until no longer sticks, turn and brown an additional 2 minutes, set aside on a dish and repeat with remaining meatballs., place all the meatballs and remaining onion into the instant pot, slow cooker or a large saucepan and pour the sauce over the meatballs along with the thyme and mushrooms., for the instant pot cook on high pressure 10 minutes. let the pressure release on its own. when done, discard thyme, add the chopped parsley and serve over your favorite noodles., for the stove top add 2 tbsp water, bring to a boil then cook covered on low 20 to 25 minutes. when done, discard thyme, add the chopped parsley and serve over your favorite noodles., for slow cooker cook on low 6 to 8 hours. when done, discard thyme, add the chopped parsley and serve over your favorite noodles.saute the beef with onion, garlic, salt, pepper. added crushed tomatoes, bay leaf and cheese rind, stir. pierce the spaghetti squash all over with a knife and place over the sauce. cook high pressure 15 minutes, or until the skin of squash easily gives when pressed with a spoon. let the pressure release, discard bay leaf and rind and transfer the squash to a bowl to let cool., when cool enough to handle, cut in half with a large knife, discard the seeds and scoop the strands out with a fork. place in a colander to drain well i use paper towels as well to soak up any excess moisture then serve sauce over squash with grated cheese if desired., for the slow cooker, saute meat as above in skillet, transfer to slow cooker with remaining ingredients as listed above and cook low 6 to 8 hours.slow cooker recipe, brown the beef in a large nonstick skillet over high heat, breaking it into smaller pieces as it cooks. when no longer pink add 2 teaspoons of the cumin along with the remaining dry spices, onion, bell pepper and garlic, stir and cook 2 to 3 minutes until soft, then transfer to the slow cooker along with 12 cup water, bay leaf and tomato sauce. cover and cook on high 3 hours or low 6 to 8. discard the bay leaf and add the remaining teaspoon of cumin., heat the taco shells according to the directions, then assemble placing 14 cup beef in each shell, topped with lettuce, 1 tablespoon cheese and tomato., instant pot recipe, press saute, add the beef and cook breaking it into smaller pieces as it cooks. when no longer pink add 2 teaspoons of the cumin along with the remaining dry spices, onion, bell pepper and garlic, stir and cook 2 to 3 minutes until soft., add 12 cup water, bay leaf and tomato sauce. cover and cook on high pressure 20 minutes natural release. discard the bay leaf and add the remaining teaspoon of cumin., heat the taco shells according to the directions, then assemble placing 14 cup beef in each shell, topped with lettuce, 1 tablespoon cheese and tomato.finely chop 1 oz of the mushrooms into small pieces and set aside. heat the instant pot or a large nonstick pot on mediumhigh on saute add 1 tsp oil and onions and cook until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. divide onions in two., in a large bowl, combine half of the sauteed onions with the ground beef, ground turkey, chopped mushroom, bread crumbs, egg, 1 tbsp tomato paste, 14 cup of the beef broth, 34 tsp salt and black pepper., in a small bowl, blend flour and 1 cup broth until smooth. mix in remaining onions, remaining 1 tbsp tomato paste, vinegar, worcestershire sauce and mustard powder., gently shape into 20 small meatballs., heat the instant pot or nonstick pot back on saute, add remaining teaspoon of oil and brown the meatballs in batches so you dont overcrowd the pot about 2 minutes until no longer sticks if it doesnt turn, its not ready yet, turn and brown an additional 2 minutes. add the mushrooms, 18 teaspoon salt and black pepper and pour the sauce over the meatballs, cover and cook on high pressure 10 minutes 20 minutes in a regular pot. let the pressure release on its own. garnish with parsley., slow cooker directions saute meatballs in a skillet, transfer to slow cooker with mushrooms, salt and pepper and pour sauce over. cover and cook low 6 to 8 hours, until tender.in a large bowl, combine beef, salt and pepper. with wet hand, gently form into 4 equal patties. set aside., in another large bowl, whisk together dressing ingredients. set aside., cook hamburger patties on a grill to medium doneness, around 45 minutes per side. after flipping the patties, add the onion rings to the grill. cook onion for the remaining 45 minutes, flipping halfway through. allow patties to rest for 510 minutes then cut each patty into 16 bitesize pieces., add the lettuce, pickles, onion, avocado and tomato to the bowl. divide the salad among 4 plates, top each with grilled onions, cheese, and 1 chopped patty. drizzle with 14 of the dressing.place garlic, onion, lime juice, cumin, oregano, chipotles, cloves and water in a blender and puree until smooth., trim all the fat off meat, cut into 3inch pieces. season with 2 teaspoons salt and black pepper. heat the pressure cooker on high use saute button for instant pot, when hot add the oil and brown the meat, in batches on all side, about 5 minutes. add the sauce from the blender and bay leaves, cover and cook on high pressure until the meat is tender and easily shreds with 2 forks, about 1 hour. in my instant pot i cooked it 65 minutes. if youx27re making this on the stove, simmer it on low at least 4 hours, adding more water as needed to make sure it doesnx27t dry out. natural release., once cooked and the meat is tender, remove the meat and place in a dish. shred with two forks, and reserve the liquid for later discard the bay leaf. return the shredded meat to the pot, add 12 teaspoon salt or to taste, 12 tsp cumin and 1 12 cups of the reserved liquid.instant pot, press the saute button, when its very hot add the ground beef and salt and cook until browned breaking the meat up into small pieces as it cooks. when browned, add the onion, celery and carrots and saute 3 to 4 minutes., add the tomatoes, beef stock and bay leaves, close and using pressure cooker press soup 35 minutes., after that use the quick release, once the pressure is out open, add the pasta and stir, cover and press manual pressure 6 minutes i did half the time directed on package of pasta. remove bay leaves and serve., stove top directions, in a large pot or dutch oven, saute the beef and salt on high heat until browned, breaking the meat up into small bits. add the onion, celery and carrots and saute 3 to 4 minutes., add the tomatoes, stock and bay leaf, cover and cook low until the beef and the vegetables are tender, about 1 to 1 12 hours you may need to add more broth or water if it evaporates too much., add the pasta, stir and cook according to package directions., slow cooker directions, in a large nonstick skillet, saute the beef and salt on high heat until browned, breaking the meat up into small bits. add the onion, celery and carrots and saute 3 to 4 minutes., transfer to the slow cooker along with the tomatoes, stock and bay leaf, cover and cook low 8 hours., just before its ready cook the pasta on the stove according to package directions. add the pasta, stir, and cook according to package directions.slow cooker in a large nonstick skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. add the oil, onion, garlic, rosemary and thyme and cook 4 minutes, or until the onion is tender., place the flour, salt and pepper in a large bowl. add the beef and toss gently to coat. add the beef to the pan in batches and cook, turning occasionally until browned on all side and golden on the edges, about 5 minutes. add the marsala and scrape up the browned bits from the pan., transfer everything to the slow cooker, add the squash, sundried tomatoes and broth and stir. cover and cook 4 to 5 hours on high or 8 hours on low. serve with crusty bread and sprinkle with parsley., instant pot press saute on the instant pot. when hot add the oil, onion, garlic, rosemary and thyme and cook 4 minutes, or until the onion is tender., place the flour, salt and pepper in a large bowl. add the beef and toss gently to coat. add the beef to the pot in batches and cook, turning occasionally until browned on all side and golden on the edges, about 5 minutes. add the marsala and scrape up the browned bits from the pan., add the squash, sundried tomatoes and broth and stir. cover and cook high pressure 35 minutes, natural release. serve with crusty bread and sprinkle with parsley.combine the soy sauce, 2 tablespoons water, brown sugar, sesame oil and red pepper flakes in a small bowl., heat a large deep nonstick skillet over high heat, spray with oil and add the ground beef. cook, breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon until cooked through, about 5 minutes., add the onion, garlic and ginger and cook 1 minute., pour the sauce over the beef, cover and simmer on low heat 10 minutes., to assemble the bowls, place 34 cup rice in each bowl, top with scant 23 cup beef, cucumbers, gochujong, sesame seeds and scallions.let the steaks rest on the counter to come up to room temperature at least 30 minutes before ready to cook, preheat the oven to 400f., spray the steak lightly all over with olive oil, then season both side generously with kosher salt and black pepper., when the oven is ready, heat the skillet over high heat until the pan is very hot., when hot, add the steaks and cook, without moving for 2 12 minutes. turn over and cook an additional 2 to 212 minutes., sear the sides of the steaks for about 1 minute so its browned all over., place the steaks in the oven for about 4 to 5 minutes, then check them with the meat thermometer inserted into the side of the steak., remove when the steaks read 125 f for medium rare, or 130 f for medium., let them rest 5 to 10 minutes before serving meat temperature will rise 5 to 10 degrees after it is removed from the oven.boil potatoes in a medium pot of salted water until cooked and soft., drain and mash with chicken broth, sour cream, 12 tsp salt and pepper, set aside., preheat oven to 400f., in a large saute pan brown meat over medium high heat, breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon as it cooks. season with 12 tsp salt and pepper to taste., when cooked, set aside on a plate., add the oil, onion, garlic, mushrooms and celery and saute on medium heat about 6 to 8 minutes, until the vegetables are tender., add the flour, frozen vegetables, beef broth, tomato paste, worcestershire sauce, rosemary, thyme, cooked meat and mix well. simmer on low about 810 minutes., spread the meat on the bottom of casserole dish. top with mashed potatoes and sprinkle with paprika, bake 20 to 25 minutes, then place under the broiler 1 to 2 minutes until the potatoes turn golden., remove from oven and let it cool 5 minutes before serving.heat a skillet or grill over high heat. when hot, spray with oil and add the patties., season with salt and pepper and cook a few minutes on each side, to your desired liking., add the cheese and cover cook to melt, about 30 seconds., place the cooked burgers on the buns and top each burger with 2 tablespoons salsa verde, red cabbage and avocado slices.poke holes in the potato with a fork, then cook in the microwave using the baked potato setting until potatoes are soft and cooked through about 810 minutes on high for 4 potatoes. if you dont have a microwave, bake about 45 minutes at 400f., meanwhile, slice beef into thin strips. season with salt, garlic powder and fresh pepper to taste. heat a large skillet over high heat. when the skillet is very hot, spray with cooking spray and add half of the beef. cook one minute, then turn steak and cook an additional 30 seconds. set aside in a large dish., spray the skillet again and when it gets hot add the remaining steak, cooking one minute, then turning and cooking 30 seconds more. add remaining steak to the dish., return skillet to heat and spray once again with cooking spray add onions and peppers and season with salt and pepper. cook one minute, then turn and cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes or until onions are golden. set aside with steak., lower heat to medium and add 12 tsp olive oil to the skillet, add mushrooms, salt and pepper and lightly spray the top of the mushrooms with cooking spray. cook 1 12 minutes, then turn mushrooms and cook another minute and a half. add to dish with steak and onions and stir to combine., split the potato in half lengthwise down the middle as i did in the photo then divide the steak and vegetables evenly over each potato and top each with a slice of provolone., place under the broiler to melt the cheese, careful not to burn.preheat oven to 400°f., cut spaghetti squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds and membrane. season with salt and bake about 1 hour, or longer if needed on a baking sheet, cut side up. if you prefer the microwave, cut squash in half lengthwise, scoop out seeds and fibers and place on a microwave safe dish and cover. microwave 89 minutes or until soft., in a large deep saute pan, melt butter and add oil. add onions, celery and carrots and saute on mediumlow for about 3 to 4 minutes, until soft., add the beef and season with salt. brown the meat and cook, breaking it into smaller pieces with your spoon until cooked through., when cooked, add the tomatoes and adjust salt and pepper to taste. add wine and simmer until it reduces a bit, then add bay leaf and cover, reducing heat to low. simmer at least an hour, stirring occasionally., when spaghetti squash is cooked, let it cool for about 10 minutes. when cool, use a fork to remove flesh, which will come out in spaghetti looking strands., keep covered and set aside keeping warm until sauce is ready. serve topped with meat sauce and grated parmesan cheese, if desired.stove method, in a large pot or dutch oven, heat oil over medium low heat., add leeks and saute until soft, about 45 minutes add garlic, carrots and yellow pepper and saute about 23 minutes., add corned beef, peppercorns or seasoning packet that comes with the corned beef, bay leaves, parsley and water cover and bring to a boil., simmer covered on low heat for 3 hours, until the meat becomes tender., remove the corned beef, set it on a cutting board and shred with a fork., return it to the pot then add the cabbage and potatoes, taste for salt and pepper and adjust as needed., cook until the potatoes and cabbage are tender, about 45 more minutes., slow cooker method, in a skillet heat oil over medium low heat, add leeks and saute until soft, about 45 minutes add garlic and cook 2 minutes. transfer to the slow cooker with the carrots, yellow pepper, corned beef, potatoes, peppercorns or seasoning packet that comes with the corned beef, bay leaves, parsley and water., cover and cook on high until corned beef is tender, 4 14 hours or 8 12 hours on low. remove the corned beef, set it on a cutting board and shred with a fork, return to the pot, arrange cabbage over corned beef, cover, and continue cooking on high until cabbage is tender, 45 minutes or 1 12 hours on low., instant pot method, press saute and add the oil, leeks, garlic, carrot and yellow peppers, saute until soft, 4 to 5 minutes stirring., add the corned beef, peppercorns or seasoning packet that comes with the corned beef, bay leaves, parsley and water. cover and cook high pressure 90 minutes, until the meat is tender. quick or natural release., remove the corned beef, set it on a cutting board and shred with a fork. return to the pot, add the potatoes and cabbage and cook high pressure 8 minutes, until tender. quick release and serve.preheat the oven to 350 degrees. spray a 9 x 13 inch baking dish with cooking spray., in a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the pasta according to the package directions for al dente and drain well., meanwhile, in a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumlow heat. add the onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. stir in the garlic and cook for 30 seconds., stir in the beef and cook until browned season with salt and pepper., stir in the tomato paste, then add the tomatoes and mustard. let the mixture bubble gently until it is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes., toss the meat mixture with the pasta and spread it into the prepared dish., top with the cheddar and bake until the cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. sprinkle the chopped pickles over the top and serve.warm the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat., add the onion and saute until soft, about 4 minutes., add the garlic and jalapeno and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute., add the ground beef and seasonings and cook browned, about 6 to 8 minutes., add the collard greens and tomatoes and saute until wilted, about 4 minutes., stir everything gently as it cooks, careful not to mush the tomatoes., add the lemon juice, season with salt and pepper to taste and serve.heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat., add 1 teaspoon of oil, scallions and garlic and saute about 2  3 minutes add tomatoes, cilantro and a pinch of salt., cook another 2 minutes, then place in the slow cooker., wipe the skillet, add remaining oil and increase the heat to medium high., add the beef and brown on all side, about 4 minutes., season with salt to taste and sprinkle flour over the meat, cook 1 minute turning often, then add to the slow cooker., add beer, water, cumin, adobo, achiote, bay leaf and 14 teaspoon kosher salt., add potatoes and cover, cook on low heat 6 to 8 hours or until beef is tender and the potatoes are cooked through.in a small bowl mix garlic, rosemary, thyme, salt and pepper., rub the spice mixture onto all sides of the roast, then place in the slow cooker., pour the broth into the side of the roast until it just cover the meat., if the broth doesnt cover the roast you can add water and top with onions., add the worcestershire sauce, peppercorns and bay leaf to the broth., cover and cook on low until the meat flakes apart easily with a fork, about 9 to 12 hours, depending on the size of your roast., an hour before the meat is done, prepare the onions and peppers., in a large nonstick skillet heat the oil over medium heat., add the onions and salt and cook until golden, stirring often, reducing heat as needed if the onions are burning or browning too quickly, about 30 to 35 minutes., add 1 tbsp to the pan if it becomes too dry., the onions should turn golden and the flavor should be sweet., transfer to a serving bowl, then add the peppers to the skillet and cook stirring often until soft, 8 to 10 minutes., remove the meat from the slow cooker to a cutting board and shred with a fork or slice with a knife., strain the broth through a fine sieve then place in a gravy separator to remove any fat., pour 14 cup broth into each small ramekin., preheat the oven to broil., split the bread open and top with 2 ounces of beef., top with onions, peppers and cheese and broil until the cheese melts., place on a plate with broth for dipping.cook brown rice according to package directions in water along with a chicken bouillon, 1 bay leaf and 14 tsp salt and 18 each of salt, cayenne, paprika and thyme., when the rice is almost done cooking, heat a large heavy saucepan on mediumlow heat., add the oil, onions, green pepper, celery, bay leaf and garlic. saute on mediumlow heat until soft, about 5 minutes., add beef, salt, black pepper, remaining paprika, thyme and cayenne pepper., saute until browned, about 1015 minutes add shrimp, cover and cook 5 more minutes., when the rice is done, toss with beef and shrimp and combine well. top with scallions and serve.heat a 10inch skillet over mediumlow heat., stir in the oil and onions, season with salt and pepper and cook until slightly brown, turning occasionally about 15 to 17 minutes., slice the bread open, place 3 oz of cooked roast beef on each piece and top with 14 of the caramelized onions., top with cheese and place in the broiler for 1 to 2 minutes to melt the cheese, careful not to burn it.in a medium sauce pan, brown meat and season with salt. when cooked drain in colander to remove any fat., add olive oil to the pan and saute garlic and onions about 2 minutes. return the meat to the pan, add tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper. simmer on low for at least 3040minutes, covered. do not add extra water, the sauce should be thick., meanwhile, slice zucchini into 18 thick slices, add lightly salt and set aside or 10 minutes. zucchini has a lot of water when cooked, salting it takes out a lot of moisture. after 10 minutes, blot excess moisture with a paper towel., preheat a gas grill or grill pan to medium high, and grill 2 to 3 minutes per side, until slightly browned. place on paper towels to soak any excess moisture., preheat oven to 375., in a medium bowl mix ricotta cheese, parmesan cheese and egg. stir well., in a 9x12 casserole spread 12 cup of sauce on the bottom and layer the zucchini to cover. spread 12 cup of the ricotta cheese mixture, then top with 1 cup of the mozzarella cheese and repeat the process until all your ingredients are used up. the last layer top with remaining zucchini and sauce, cover with foil and bake 30 minutes. uncover the foil and bake 20 minutes to dry up the sauce then place the remaining 1 cup mozzarella and bake until melted, 10 minutes., let stand about 5  10 minutes before serving.cook noodles in a pot of salted water according to package directions, i like to undercook them a bit so i can mix it with the sauce and let it finish cooking., meanwhile, while the water starts to boil for the noodles, heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat., melt butter over medium heat and add onions to the pan., cook 2  3 minutes over mediumlow heat., add flour stir with a wooden spoon for 30 seconds., gradually add broth, worcestershire sauce, and tomato paste, stirring constantly., add mushrooms, thyme, salt and pepper stir and cook 45 minutes or until thickened and bubbly, stirring constantly., add wine bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 4 minutes., remove from heat let stand 30 seconds., stir in sour cream add noodles, mix well and garnish with parsley if desired.heat a large heavy pot or dutch oven on medium heat., add oil and beef, season with a little salt and brown meat a few minutes., when meat is browned, add carrots, onion, celery and garlic to the pot and give it a good stir., add water, salt and bay leaves and bring to a boil., when boiling, reduce heat to low and cover., simmer covered over low heat until the meat is soft, about 1 12  2 hours., add the barley, adjust the salt if needed and add fresh ground pepper., simmer an additional 3035, remove bay leaves and serve., follow all the steps with the meat and carrots as instructed above, when you add the water, cover and lock the lid., cook in the pressure cooker for about 30 minutes on medium low heat., remove from heat and when the pressure cooker is cool enough to unlock the lid, remove and add barley. cook an additional 30 minutes uncovered.preheat oven to 350f. spray a large glass casserole dish with nonstick spray. my dish was 13 x 10, heat a large frying pan on medium heat add ground beef and cook until its browned and cooked through, breaking it apart as it cooks. remove ground beef and set aside., in the same pan, add 1 tsp olive oil, chopped onion and cook over medium heat until the onion is translucent and starting to brown, about 5 minutes., add the minced garlic, dried thyme, and paprika and cook about 2 minutes more. then add the diced tomatoes with juice, tomato sauce, and ground beef., add water to the pan. simmer until its hot and slightly thickened, about 1520 minutes., while it simmers, cut cabbage in half, cut out the core, and remove any wilted outer leaves chop the cabbage coarsely into 1 inch pieces., heat remaining olive oil in a large frying pan or dutch oven add the cabbage and cook over mediumhigh heat until the cabbage is wilted and about half cooked, turning it over several times so it all wilts and cooks. season with salt and freshground black pepper., when the meat and tomato sauce mixture has cooked and thickened a bit, stir in the 2 cups of cooked rice and gently combine., spray casserole dish with nonstick spray and the layer half the cabbage, half the meat mixture, remaining cabbage, and remaining meat mixture., cover tightly with foil and bake 40 minutes, or until the mixture is just starting to bubble on the edges., remove foil and sprinkle on cheese if using. bake uncovered an additional 20 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and starting to slightly brown. serve hot., freezer friendly if you have leftovers. to reheat, thaw overnight in the refrigerator and then either microwave until hot or heat in the oven in a glass dish covered with foil.brown meat in a large deep skillet on mediumhigh heat season with generously with salt and a little pepper. use a wooden spoon to break the meat up into small pieces., when meat is no longer pink, drain all the liquid from pan. add the onions, garlic and bell peppers to the meat and cook an addition 34 minutes., transfer the meat to the slow cooker, then add tomato, cilantro, tomato sauce, 1 14 cups water, alcaparrado or olives i usually add some of the brine from the jar for added flavor then add the spices., set slow cooker to high for 3 to 4 hours or low for 6 to 8., after its ready, taste for salt and add more as needed i added a little more cumin and garlic powder at the end as well since the crock pot tends to mute the flavors of herbs and spices., discard the bay leaves and serve over brown rice., makes about 5 34 cups.in a large deep saute pan, saute pancetta on low heat until the fat melts, about 45 minutes. add butter, onions, celery and carrots and cook on mediumlow heat until soft, about 5 minutes., increase flame to mediumhigh add meat, season with salt and pepper and saute until browned. drain the fat then add wine cook until it reduces down, about 34 minutes., add to crock pot. add tomatoes, bay leaves, salt and pepper cover and set slow cooker to low 6 hours., after the 6 hours, adjust salt and pepper to taste, add half  half and parsley stir and serve over your favorite pasta or spaghetti squash., makes about 10 cups. leftovers can be frozen for future meals. to reheat, thaw in the refrigerator then reheat on the stove or crock pot.stove top, in a large dutch oven or heavy pot, heat oil over medium heat., add scallions and garlic and saute about 2  3 minutes add tomatoes, cilantro and a pinch of salt. cook another 2 minutes, stirring., add beef to the pot along with beer, water, cumin, adobo, achiote, bay leaf and salt if needed., cover and simmer on low heat 1 12 hours., test to make sure beef is tender, if not cook another 15 minutes., add potatoes and cook until soft, about 20 minutes depending on the size., pressure cooker instructions, in a large pressure cooker, heat oil over medium heat. add scallions and garlic and saute about 2  3 minutes., add tomatoes, cilantro and a pinch of salt. cook another 2 minutes stirring., add beef to the pot along with beer, water, cumin, adobo, achiote, bay leaf and salt if needed., cover pressure cooker when the lid is locked, reduce heat to low and cook 25 minutes., when the 25 minutes are up, shut stove off. when the pressure from the pot is released, remove the lid, and place the pot uncovered over medium heat., bring to a boil, add potatoes and cook uncovered until potatoes are soft, about 20 minutes depending on the size.preheat the oven to 375f., lightly season the brisket with salt and pepper to taste and lightly dust with cake meal., heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large 7quart dutch oven or other heavy pot with a lid large enough to hold the brisket., add the brisket to the pot and brown on both sides, about 1012 minutes., remove meat and set aside., add the onions, salt and pepper to the pot and cook until soft and browned, about 1012 minutes stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, scraping up any browned bits stuck to the bottom of the pot., return the brisket and any accumulated juices to the pot on top of the onions. spread the tomato paste over the brisket, sprinkle with salt and more pepper to taste, then add the garlic, beef broth and carrots to the pot., cover the pot, transfer to the oven, and cook the brisket for about 112 hours., remove the brisket and transfer to a cutting board., using a sharp knife, slice the meat across the grain into approximately 18inchthick slices., return the slices back to the pot, keeping the brisket together so it resembles the unsliced brisket., add potatoes and sprinkle with a little more salt and pepper., cover the pot and return to the oven., reduce heat to 325f and cook the brisket until it is forktender and the potatoes are cooked through, about 1 12 hours. check once or twice during cooking to add more broth if needed., to serve you can arrange the meat on a platter with the carrots, onions, potatoes and some of the liquid and garnish with fresh chopped parsley. serve the remaining gravy on the side.saute onions in oil over medium heat until golden brown, about 5 minutes., in a large bowl, combine half of the sauteed onions, ground beef, ground turkey, bread crumbs, egg, egg white, 14 cup beef broth, salt and black pepper. shape into 8 oval patties., in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown both sides of patties, about 4 to 5 min on each side. set aside on a dish., add mushrooms to the skillet, season with salt and pepper and saute 23 minutes., return patties to the skillet with the mushrooms., in a small bowl, blend flour and remaining broth until smooth. mix in remaining onions, tomato paste, vinegar, water, worcestershire sauce and mustard powder. pour over meat and mushrooms in skillet., cover and cook on low heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.marinate steak at least 1 hour before cooking, or overnight for best results., combine garlic, oyster sauce, agave or sugar, fish sauce, soy sauce and sesame oil with the beef., for the vinaigrette combine rice vinegar with salt and sugar. it should be a balance of sour, salty and sweet., thinly slice the red onion and use about 14 cup of the vinaigrette to pickle and set aside covered in fridge for about 10 minutes., prepare bed of greens and tomatoes in a serving platter and set aside., make dipping sauce by squeezing lime juice over salt and pepper in a small ramekin., heat a large wok or pan over high heat., when very hot add 12 tbsp oil and when it begins to smoke, add an even layer of beef half and allow to sear for about 2 minutes, before shaking to sear the opposite sides for about another 12 minute more to brown all the sides., repeat this with the second batch of meat using the remainder of the oil., transfer beef to bed of watercress and tomatoes., drizzle remainder of the vinaigrette over the beef and greens and top with pickled red onions., serve with lime dipping sauce.in a large deep saute pan, heat oil on medium heat, add onions and garlic saute until onions are translucent, about 45 minutes., add celery and parsley and cook until soft, about 34 more minutes., let cool a few minutes., in a large bowl combine beef, egg, onion mixture, breadcrumbs, salt, pepper and allspice., mix well and form meatballs with your hands 18 cup each fill 14 cup then divide the meat in half., add beef stock to the pan and bring to a boil., reduce heat to mediumlow and slowly drop meatballs into the broth., cover and cook about 20 minutes., remove the meatballs with a slotted spoon and set aside in a serving dish., strain the stock, add to blender with cream cheese and pulse until smooth., return to pan and simmer a few minutes to thicken, then pour over meatballs., garnish with parsley and serve over noodles or with toothpicks if you want to set these out as an appetizer.saute oil in a large pot, add scallions and garlic and saute until soft over medium heat, about 3 minutes., add tomato, cumin, sazon with achiote, 14 cup cilantro and cook another 2 minutes., add beef, water, bullion, carrot, bell pepper, salt and bring to a boil., cover and simmer on low about 112 hours, until meat is tender., add potato and cooked quinoa and cook an additional 25 minutes., add remaining chopped cilantro and serve., if using a pressure cooker, cook soup with meat 45 minutes, add potato and quinoa and cook 10 minutes more.wet bread with water then mash up with your hands., add to large bowl and combine with chopped beef, chopped spinach, egg, garlic, parsley, grated cheese, salt and pepper. mix all ingredients well until thoroughly combined., using a 14 cup measuring cup, measure meat, then divide in two so that each meatball is 18th of a cup. roll into little meatballs., in a large pot, add olive oil and heat on medium., when hot add smashed garlic., when garlic is golden brown, add tomatoes, onion, salt and pepper and cover, reduce heat to low., meanwhile, in a large nonstick skillet, add 1 tbsp olive oil on low heat., when oil is hot add as many meatballs that will fit, cook on low, turning often so that all side get browned. cook until the centers are cooked through., when finished, place on a dish lined with paper towels to blot any excess oil. drop meatballs into sauce and continue cooking the remaining meatballs, repeating the process. when all meatballs are in the sauce, simmer for an additional 1520 minutes. discard onion and serve.start by preparing the steak, click quick skillet steak with mushrooms and onions for the recipe., preheat oven to 425 or set your broiler to low., once the steak is cooked and ready, cut bread into 4 pieces see tip., divide steak and mushrooms evenly between four sandwiches and place a slice of cheese on each one., place sandwiches on a cookie sheet and heat in the oven or broiler until the cheese melts 2  3 minutes, careful not to burn if using the broiler., enjoyslice beef into thin strips., season with salt, garlic powder and fresh pepper to taste., heat a large skillet over high heat., when the skillet is very hot, spray with cooking spray and add half of the beef., cook one minute, then turn steak and cook an additional 30 seconds., set aside in a large dish., spray the skillet again and when it gets hot add the remaining steak, cooking one minute, then turning and cooking 30 seconds more., add remaining steak to the dish., return skillet to heat and spray once again with cooking spray add onions and season with salt and pepper., cook one minute, then turn and cook onions an additional 30 seconds or until onions are golden., lower heat to medium and add 12 tsp olive oil to the skillet, add mushrooms, salt and pepper and lightly spray the top of the mushrooms with cooking spray., cook 1 12 minutes, then turn mushrooms and cook another minute and a half., add to dish with steak and onions and stir to combine., serve over rice.slice bread in half and layer with roast beef, arugula, shaved parmesan and fresh cracked pepper.in a large skillet cook bacon on mediumlow heat until crispy on both sides., in a large pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta according to package directions., chop tomatoes and combine it along with any accumulated juice with mayonnaise and pepper in a medium bowl., drain pasta and rinse with cold water to cool., combine pasta with tomatoes and spinach mixing well. toss in bacon right before serving.in a large pot, place brisket, bay leaves and enough water to cover., simmer, covered for about an hour per pound., when meat is tender add carrots., boil for about 10 minutes, then add cabbage., cook another 15 20 minutes, until tender., remove the meat and place on a cutting board., slice the meat across the grain into thin slices., serve with vegetables and ladle some broth on top.chop all the vegetables really fine, using a chopper or food processor., heat a large skillet over medium high heat., add the meat to the pan and break it up as it cooks., season with steak seasoning and cook the meat until it browns., add onion, garlic, carrots, mushrooms and red peppers to the skillet., reduce heat to medium and add red wine vinegar and worcestershire sauce, cook 5 more minutes., add tomato sauce and paste to pan, stir to combine., cover and reduce heat to simmer and cook an additional 5 minutes., using a measuring cup, pile 12 cup of sloppy meat onto toasted buns.remove roast from refrigerator 1 hour before cooking so that it reaches room temperature., trim all the fat off the meat to keep it lean., rub the meat with olive oil and season generously with salt and pepper., using toothpicks, adhere onion pieces to the top of the roast., place the thermometer all the way into the center of the meat., place in a pan and set your oven anywhere between 300 to 350., roast until the thermometer reads 130 for rare, 140 for medium rare, 150 for medium, and 155160 for well done., remove the roast from the oven and let it rest 1020 minutes before you cut it so that the juices are distributed evenly. i always remove my roast beef from the oven when it is 135 for medium rare. the temperature will rise an additional 5 degrees as it sits., add 1 cup of beef broth to the pan drippings, stirring to deglaze the bottom of the pan., pour it into a small pot and heat on medium., add 3 tbsp flour to remaining broth and mix well., pour it into the pot and whisk over low flame., add all drippings accumulated from cutting the roast beef into the pot, bring too a boil and stir until it thickens, simmering on low a few minutes., adjust salt and pepper.preheat oven to 400., in a small bowl combine sour cream, salt, pepper and horseradish., in another bowl combine breadcrumbs, herbs, garlic and oil., season meat with salt and pepper. sear roast in a large skillet on high heat for about 10 minutes total on all sides., place in roasting pan and cover with sour cream and breadcrumbs on top of roast., place in the oven and cook until thermometer reads 140, about 35 to 40 minutes., remove and let it rest for 15 minutes before slicing. serves 8.in a dutch oven, or large pot, saute the onions with the butter over medium heat, until the onions are soft and golden, about 20 minutes., add flour, mixing well another 23 minutes., add thyme, bay leaf, sherry, wine and brandy, and simmer uncovered for 10 more minutes., add the beef stock, salt  pepper to taste, reduce heat., cover and simmer gently for about 20 minutes., remove bay leaf and ladle 112 cups soup into 6 ovenproof bowls., place bowls on a baking sheet., place sliced toasted bread rounds into each bowl and top bread with cheese., broil 2 to 3 minutes, until cheese melts.in a deep heavy saute pan, saute pancetta until fat melts., add butter, onions, celery and carrots and cook on mediumlow heat until soft, about 5 minutes., increase flame to mediumhigh, add meat, season with salt and pepper and saute until browned., add wine, cook until it reduces down, about 34 minutes., add tomatoes and bay leaf. simmer covered on low, at least 112 to 2 hours, stirring occasionally., add half  half and parsley, cook 2 minutes longer.combine tomatoes, chopped garlic, red onion, vinegar, oil, salt, pepper, and basil., set aside., slice bread into 12 inch thick slices., place on a tray and spray lightly with olive oil., toast bread under broiler, until golden, watching closely not to let it burn., when bread is toasted, rub each piece with whole garlic clove., place bread on a platter and top with tomato mixture., serve immediately or the bread will become soggy.brown meat on high heat in large saute pan and season with salt and pepper. use a wooden spoon to break the meat up into small pieces. when meat is no longer pink, drain all juice from pan., meanwhile, while meat is cooking, chop onion, garlic, pepper, tomato and cilantro., add to the meat and continue cooking on a low flame. add alcaparrado and about 2 tbsp of the brine the juice from the olives, this adds great flavor cumin, bay leaf, and more salt if needed. add tomato sauce and 14 cup of water and mix well. reduce heat and simmer covered about 20 minutes.line a 9inch pie plate with half of the pastry. brush the inside with some of the egg white. skin the pieces of the breast and other meat if necessary and parboil them gently in salted water for 10 to 15 minutes. drain and cool. in a mixing bowl, combine the minced beef, suet, salt and pepper to taste, the egg yolks and half of the spice mixture. add the rest of the spices to the dried fruit in another bowl. slice the parboiled meat., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the beef stock to the rice flour or corn flour in small saucepan and cream them together. stir in the remaining stock and stir over gentle heat until thickened. remove from the heat and set aside. cover the bottom of the lined pastry pan with half of the minced mixture. arrange the sliced meat in a layer over the top. scatter the chopped spiced fruit over it and cover the remaining minced meat. pour the thickened stock over the top. roll out the remaining pastry into a round to make a lid for the pie. brush the rim of the case with a little more egg white and cover with the lid. press the edges to seal, and make escape slits for steam. decorate with the pastry trimmings and glaze with the egg white. bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 325 degrees f and bake for 45 to 50 minutes. remove from the oven and cool slightly before serving. slice into individual pieces and serve warm or at room temperature.melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat and add the onions. when the onions begin to soften, add the sugar and season with salt and pepper. turn the heat to low and cover the pan. when the onions just begin to brown, remove the cover. continue cooking, stirring frequently, until the onions are a dark brown color. be careful not to let them burn. set aside., melt 2 more tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium heat. cut several shallow slashes across the hot dogs and add them to the pan. fry until they are cooked through and nicely browned. set aside and keep warm. add the cocktail franks to the pan and fry until they are cooked through and nicely browned. set aside and keep warm., melt 2 tablespoons butter in another pan and set aside., add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet. split open the hot dog buns and toast them in the buttery juices. spread a thin layer of mousse inside both halves of each bun. top with a hot dog and pile on the onions. add a few dollops of mustard and serve., split the dinner rolls down the middle and spoon on some of the melted butter. stuff in 2 of the cocktail franks and spread on some mousse. top with some onions and mustard and serve.line a 9inch pie plate with half of the pastry. brush the inside with some of the egg white. skin the pieces of the breast and other meat if necessary and parboil them gently in salted water for 10 to 15 minutes. drain and cool., in a mixing bowl, combine the minced beef, suet, salt and pepper, the egg yolks, and half of the spice mixture. add the rest of the spices to the dried fruit in another bowl. slice the parboiled meat., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., add 1 to 2 tablespoons of the beef stock to the rice flour or corn flour in small saucepan and cream them together. stir in the remaining stock and stir over gentle heat until thickened. remove from the heat and set aside. cover the bottom of the lined pastry pan with half of the minced mixture. arrange the sliced meat in a layer over the top. scatter the chopped spiced fruit over it and cover the remaining minced meat. pour the thickened stock over the top., roll out the remaining pastry into a round to make a lid for the pie. brush the rim of the case with a little more egg white and cover with the lid. press the edges to seal, and make escape slits for steam. decorate with the pastry trimmings and glaze with the egg white. bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 325 degrees f and bake for 45 to 50 minutes. remove from the oven and cool slightly before serving. slice into individual pieces and serve warm or at room temperature.brown meat in medium skillet drain. return meat to skillet. add peppers and onions cook and stir 4 min. or until crisptender. stir in remaining ingredients cook 10 min. or until velveeta is completely melted and mixture is well blended, stirring occasionally.place pressure cooker over high heat. oil and salt the oxtail and shank pieces then sear in batches. add remaining ingredients and cover with water, being careful not to fill above the cookers maximum fill line. if your pressure cooker does not have a water line, fill the pot 23 full. bring to a boil and skim off any foam that gathers at the surface. cover and lock lid. once pressure builds up inside the cooker, reduce the heat so that you barely hear hissing from the pot. cook for 50 minutes., release pressure using your cookers release device read that manual or cool the cooker by running cold water over the lid for 5 minutes. carefully opening the lid and strain squeezing the solids before feeding to the compost pile, or the dogs. strain through a fine sieve or several layers of cheesecloth. season and serve or use as a base for other soup recipes.heat 14 cup canola oil in a large soup pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. season the short ribs with salt and pepper and sear until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. transfer the meat to another large pot set the first pot aside and add the broth. cover and cook until tender, about 1 hour 30 minutes., meanwhile, heat the remaining 1 cup oil in the reserved pot over medium heat. add the onion, bell pepper, cumin, chili powder, oregano, flour, 1 tablespoon pepper, and salt to taste. cook, stirring, until the flour is smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the heat and set aside until the meat is done., transfer the short ribs to a cutting board cover the broth and set aside. let the meat cool slightly, then cut into chunks. place the pot with the vegetables over mediumhigh heat. slowly add the warm broth and whisk until smooth. stir in the chopped short ribs and the beans, bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 15 minutes. ladle into bowls and garnish with guacamole, sour cream, cheese and fried tortilla strips, for a little extra crunch.bring 6 cups water to boil and season with salt and pepper. add noodles and cook for 6 minutes. when done, pour in 3 cups ice water to stop boiling. strain but do not rinse. cover and let rest., meanwhile, heat clarified butter in large pan over low heat. add chile, garlic, oregano, and bay leaf and cook gently. strain butter and reserve., pour 12 clarified butter into frying pan on medium heat. add veal and pork and season with salt and pepper. let simmer. cook on both sides., in another pan, cook beef in remaining clarified butter over high heat and season with salt and pepper, turning once. add brandy, flame pan, and add all to pan with veal and pork. to the pan that the beef was cooked in, add mushrooms and stir in 1ounce fresh butter. season with salt and pepper. cook on medium heat, then add noodles on top of mushrooms and gently mix the 2 together. stir in remaining butter., transfer meat with slotted spoon to 1 side of serving platter. pour liquid in pan into noodles and mushrooms. mix in sour cream and reheat. serve alongside meat. dust with parsley and serve.combine pickled onion ingredients in medium bowl stir well. cover and refrigerate while preparing beef., combine seasoning ingredients in small bowl press evenly onto beef steaks. cover and refrigerate 15 minutes to 2 hours., preheat charcoal grill to medium heat., place steaks on grill over medium, ashcovered coals. grill, covered, 10 to 14 minutes for mediumrare to medium doneness, turning once. remove from grill let stand 5 minutes., meanwhile drain pickled onions well. carve steaks into thin strips. top tortillas evenly with steak, queso fresco and pickled onions. sprinkle with cilantro, as desired.crust, mix crust ingredients gently to combine. do not over mix. put mixture into a lightly greased 10inch pie plate. shape meat to form a 1inch thick crust., filling, preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., mix filling ingredients and scoop into meat crust., bake for 1 12 hours. let pie cool for 15 minutes before cutting into 8 pie slices. top each slice with adrianas tomato basil sauce and sprinkle with a little parmesan., in large pot, cook garlic and red pepper flakes in oil on low heat for 3 to 5 minutes only. add tomatoes, paste, water, all seasonings, and fresh basil. bring to a boil and then reduce to low heat. add the chunk of romano cheese. cook for 2 12 to 3 hours stirring often.in a dutch oven, place the stew beef, bouillon cubes, salt, crushed red pepper, chili powder, chili flakes, curry powder, and water. stir and bring to a rapid boil. reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 1 hour. cut the bacon into small pieces and fry in a skillet until all of the fat is rendered. remove the bacon from the skillet and reserve. saute the greens and the onions in the bacon fat for 4 minutes, stirring constantly. add the sauteed greens and onions along with the tomato puree, reserved bacon, and peanut butter to the stew. stir and simmer, covered, for 1 hour. serve with rice.for the pasta dough whisk the 00 or allpurpose flour and the semolina flour in the bowl of a stand mixer to combine. make a well in the center., combine the whole eggs, yolks, milk and olive oil in a small bowl and pour it into the well. using the dough hook, mix on low speed until the dough just starts to come together, then increase the speed to medium and mix for 5 minutes., lightly flour your work surface and turn the dough onto it. knead the dough by hand until it is smooth and elastic, and springs back when you press it with your finger, about 10 minutes. wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour., for the filling combine the ricotta, mascarpone and parmesan in a small bowl. put the mixture in a pastry bag and refrigerate until needed., for the ragu put the beef stock, red wine and porcinis in a small saucepan. bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat and let the mixture simmer., heat the olive oil in a dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the beef, hot and sweet italian sausages and prosciutto and cook, breaking up the beef and sausage with a whisk, until well browned, about 10 minutes. season with some salt and pepper., stir the tomato paste into the meat, then stir in the rosemary, thyme, garlic, bay leaves and onions and cook, stirring, until the onions soften slightly, about 5 minutes., strain the beef stock mixture into the meat. add the tomatoes and bring the mixture to a boil. reduce the heat so the mixture simmers and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 45 minutes. add the cream and continue to simmer another 15 minutes or so. stir in the parsley. taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary., to fill and finish the agnolotti cut the dough into 4 pieces. set a pasta roller at the widest setting., pass the first piece of dough through the roller, fold it in half and run it through again. fold the dough in half again, dust it with flour, and run it through the roller again. reduce the width setting on the roller and run the dough through. continue to run the dough through, reducing the width with each pass, until the pasta is thin enough so that you can see the shadow of your hand through the other side. lightly flour your work surface and lay the pasta sheet on top., pipe 1 teaspoon of filling about 1 inch from the edge. continue to pipe additional teaspoons of filling 1 inch apart, from one end to the other. fold the dough over so that it extends about an inch past the filling it wont extend to the opposite edge, press to seal the long edge and then trim the excess dough from the sealed side. with your fingers perpendicular to the table, pinch between the mounds to seal the filling in. then use the cutter to cut between each mound, through the pinch, creating little purses. dust the finished agnolotti with flour. refrigerate until ready to cook. repeat the process with the 3 remaining pieces of dough and the filling., bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. add the agnolotti, stir and, when they float to the surface, leave them in the water for an additional minute. use a spider or slotted spoon to transfer the agnolotti to a large bowl. ladle over some ragu, toss, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with grated parmesan. serve immediately.soak the bread in the milk in a medium bowl for 5 minutes. squeeze out excess milk and tear into bitesize pieces. mix the bread with the ground beef, pork, onion, allspice, egg, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. form into small balls about the size of a heaping tablespoon., spray the basket of a 3.5quart air fryer with cooking spray and fill it with the meatballs. set the air fryer to 360 degrees f and cook, shaking the tray halfway through, until browned, tender and cooked through, about 10 minutes. serve with lingonberry jam.preheat broiler., place beef short ribs on rack in broiler pan so surface of beef is 4 to 5inches from heat., broil 18 to 20 minutes or until browned, turning once. season with salt and pepper., reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees f., meanwhile, heat olive oil in stockpot over medium heat until hot. add onion and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until tender, stirring frequently. stir in aji paste and garlic cook and stir for 1 minute. add ribs and wine and bring to a boil. cover tightly and braise in a 325 degree f oven for 1 12 to 2 12 hours or until beef is forktender., thirty minutes before beef is done, peel papaya and cut into 1inch pieces, reserving 1 heaping tablespoon of seeds. add papaya, reserved seeds and 1 tablespoon parsley to stockpot continue braising, covered, 18 to 20 minutes or until papaya is tender., for annatto oil, heat annatto seeds in 14 cup olive oil in a 1quart saucepan over low heat 8 to 9 minutes. oil will become deep orange. cool and strain., meanwhile, prepare quinoa. place quinoa in a lightly oiled 2 12quart saucepan. cook and stir over medium heat 2 minutes or until toasted and just starting to change color. add water, annatto oil, if desired, salt and pepper bring to a boil. reduce heat cover and simmer 12 to 15 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed. remove from heat let stand 5 minutes. fluff with a fork stir in parsley., skim fat from cooking liquid. serve short ribs and papaya with sauce over quinoa., garnish with parsley, if desired.drain and rinse the tasajo. place into a large pot, cover with fresh water and cook until almost tender. add the pork cubes and cook until both meats are completely tender. drain the meat, reserving 8 cups of the cooking liquid., in a tall stockpot, add all the vegetables, except for the pumpkin and the yellow plantain, all the meat stocks, bay leaves and cumin. cook for approximately 30 minutes and add the pumpkin and yellow plantain. cook for 15 minutes. allow it to rest for a few minutes. add salt and white pepper to taste.mix meat, egg, masa harina, salt, pepper, and vinegar in a bowl. knead the ingredients and then make meatballs, about the size of a ping pong balls. set aside., in a large wide pot or dutch oven, melt lard and add the flour and brown lightly to make a roux. then add the chicken stock, green onions, chile, chopped tomatoes, tomato sauce, and garlic. bring to a boil, then simmer for 15 minutes., while the broth is simmering, drop each meatball into the broth and cook 30 minutes., serve with mint and cilantro.put chorizo, beef, pork, onion, panko, tomato paste, oregano, paprika, garlic salt, aleppo pepper, turmeric, cumin and eggs in a large mixing bowl and knead together with your hands using gloves is a good idea until everything is thoroughly combined. form the mixture into a ball, then cover and refrigerate, 30 minutes., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., line a half sheet pan or cookie sheet with parchment paper. working quickly, weigh out 1ounce portions of the meat. roll each portion into balls and transfer to the lined sheet pan., roast, about 40 minutes. toss the meatballs in the cuban catsup and serve over fresh greens, if desired., combine the tomatoes, cumin, vinegar, garlic, paprika, aleppo pepper, turmeric, salt, smoked paprika and 34 cup water in a small saucepan, and bring to a slow simmer over mediumlow heat. continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid has reduced and the mixture has thickened, about 10 minutes. allow to cool for 10 minutes., transfer to a nonreactive container and chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes., pour the mixture into a blender and blend on high. with the blender running, drizzle in the oil to form an emulsion.combine masa harina with warm water. mix ground meat with prepared masa, salt, pepper, garlic. make meatballs about 1inch round, about the size of a walnut. set aside., in medium saute pan heat 2 tablespoons lard or oil over medium heat. add 1 whole garlic clove. let cook for 20 seconds, press with back of a cooking spoon to release the flavor. remove the garlic. set aside., brown the flour in the lard until dark golden color, about 1 minute. heat stock in soup pot or large dutch oven until warm and add flour mixture. bring to a boil and lower heat to simmer stock for 5 minutes. taste and correct seasoning., heat remaining 2 tablespoons lard or vegetable oil in large frying pan, add chopped scallion, tomato, chiles and the reserved 2 garlic cloves, minced, stir well to combine. cook for 2 minutes and add to stock. add cilantro and mint and simmer for another 5 minutes. add the meatballs to the stock and simmer over low fire for 15 minutes or until done.make the sauce position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees f. cut off the top of each head of garlic, then wrap individually in foil. toss the tomatoes on a rimmed baking sheet with 1 tablespoon olive oil and a pinch of salt. toss the onions, poblanos and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil on another baking sheet. roast the garlic, tomatoes, onions and poblanos, switching the pans halfway through, until the vegetables have softened and are browned in spots, about 45 minutes. remove any vegetables early if theyre getting too charred., squeeze the garlic cloves out of their skins. remove the skin and seeds from the poblanos set aside the poblanos and half each of the roasted garlic and onions for the albondigas. puree the tomatoes, the remaining garlic and onions and the chopped chipotles in a blender, scraping down the sides as needed., reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees f. melt the lard in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. add the roasted vegetable puree and cook until reduced by about half, 8 to 10 minutes. pour in the stock, reduce the heat to medium and cook until slightly thickened and smooth, about 10 minutes. gradually stir in the butter until incorporated add the adobo seasoning and season with salt and pepper. keep warm., while the sauce is simmering, make the albondigas pulse the carrot in a food processor until finely chopped. add the reserved roasted poblanos, remaining roasted garlic and onions, chipotle puree, hot sauce, eggs, cotija and cilantro and pulse until evenly and thoroughly mixed., in a large mixing bowl, combine the beef, carrot mixture, panko, masa harina, adobo seasoning, 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper. mix well with your hands do not overwork the meat., form the meat mixture into 1 12inch balls about 40. arrange on 2 baking sheets and bake until browned and cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. toss into the sauce., to assemble the tacos, heat up the tortillas on a griddle, then spread some chipotle mayonnaise on each. top with 2 or 3 meatballs and a little of the sauce. garnish with the pickled onions, queso fresco and cilantro., pickled onions, combine 34 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 whole cloves, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon each dried oregano and pepper and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a medium saucepan. bring to a boil, then add 1 thinly sliced large red onion separated into rings. return to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and cook until the onion softens, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the heat, cover and let the mixture cool completely. refrigerate in a covered container for at least 2 hours and up to 2 weeks.in a small saucepan heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil with the annatto seeds until the olive oil changes color it should be a mild orangered. strain and set aside., using a food processor, process the yautia and green plantain on medium speed until nice and smooth add the salt and strained annatto oil. now you have a fresh masa place in the refrigerator., preheat a large dutch oven on mediumhigh heat. add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil and sofrito. stirfry for 1 minute and add the ground beef. brown the beef and add the latin seasoning mix, garlic powder, onion powder and oregano mixing well. add the beef stock and simmer on mediumlow for 10 minutes. remove the beef from the heat, strain the raisins and add them to the beef mixture mixing well. set aside to cool., remove the masa from the refrigerator and using 1 to 2 tablespoons depending on how large you want them scoop out of the bowl and into the palm of your water moistened hand patting into a round disk to prepare it for the filling the masa can be a little too pliable if you notice that you cant form a round disk, place the masa in the refrigerator to firm it up before proceeding. add a teaspoon or more of beef mixture to the center of the masa and using a patting motion as if you were making a snow ball pat the masa around the beef to form a ball being very careful not to let the beef stick out of the plantain. continue forming the balls until both mixtures are finished. leftovers of either can be saved for your next meal ill show you what to do with them in a future recipe., preheat a large dutch oven on high and add enough oil to comfortably fry the alcapurias about 2 to 3 cups. heat the oil to 350 degrees f if you are frying them fresh if frozen, lower the temperature to 325 degrees f. when the oil has reached the desired temperature, carefully add the alcapurias 1 at a time making sure not to crowd the pan. remove and drain on a thick bed of paper towels transfer to a cooling rack once drained and store in a warm oven until you have completed frying them all., to serve alcapurias can be placed on a dish and passed around to your guests or on a serving platter and placed on your buffet. they do not require a sauce, topping or dip of any kind. their unique taste will carry them on your buffet all on their ownfor red onion compote, in a medium saucepan add 12 cup water, beer, brown sugar, and red onions. season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir to combine. bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer. simmer, stirring occasionally for about 1 hour or until the mixture has thickened and has reduced to about 2 cups. transfer to a bowl and set aside to cool completely., for burgers, in a large bowl mix together the ground beef, beer and grill seasoning until well incorporated. reserve half of the mixture for round 2 meatloaf recipe. shape the remaining beef into 4 equal portions and flatten each portion. place 2 tablespoons of cheese in the center of each and wrap the edges around the cheese to form a ball. flatten each ball into patties. place on platter and cover. refrigerate if not cooking immediately., set up grill or indoor grill pan for direct cooking over mediumhigh heat. when ready to start grilling, oil the grate. place patties on the hot oiled grill and cook 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium. serve over lettuce on toasted buns topped with red onion compote. reserve leftover compote for round 2 ale and onion meatloaf.in a large pot, brown meat in shortening. drain or rinse meat and return meat to chili pot. add onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon new mexico chili powder, 2 tablespoons california chili powder, chili powder, tomato sauce, and beef and chicken broths. bring to a boil and then reduce heat and simmer for approximately 1 12 hours., add new mexico hot chili powder, 1 tablespoon california chili powder, 2 tablespoons new mexico chili powder, 12 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons cumin, and seasoning salt. simmer for an additional 30 minutes. add 2 more tablespoons california chili powder, 2 tablespoons new mexico chili powder, 2 tablespoons cumin, and 1 teaspoon garlic powder. add water to reach desired consistency and then simmer for 30 minutes. add remaining 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin, and 14 teaspoon garlic powder. taste, and adjust seasoning with hot sauce and salt. simmer for 15 more minutes and then serve.brown the beef in a large, heavy bottomed pot, then drain off the fat. add the onion, green pepper, and garlic and saute until the onion is tender, about 5 minutes. add the tomato paste, tomato sauce, stewed tomatoes, seasonings, and water. simmer for 30 minutes. let cool. the sauce will keep for several days covered and refrigerated. serve with spaghetti or your favorite pasta.make a taco mold by rolling out aluminum foil and folding it over in 10inch increments until you have a 4sheetthick piece of foil. fold the large foil square in half horizontally, bringing the bottom to the top, and then turn 90 degrees. crimp over the top and bottom edges by 1 inch, and then fold over the sides by 1 inch. place the aluminum foil roll or a narrow rolling pin into the center of the foil square and bring the sides together to create a hollow, narrow tube to mold the taco, making sure it can stand up on the long side., heat the oven to 250 degrees f., heat the peanut oil in a 12inch cast iron skillet over medium heat until it reaches 350 degrees f on a deepfry thermometer, about 5 minutes. adjust the heat to maintain the temperature., shape 1 tortilla around the aluminum foil mold, forming a taco shape. use tongs to hold up the sides against the mold and put the bottom of the tortilla into the hot oil and fry for 20 seconds. lay 1 side of the tortilla down in the hot oil and fry for 30 seconds. flip the tortilla over and fry for an additional 30 seconds. remove the taco shell to a cooling rack set over a newspaper lined half sheet pan and cool for 30 seconds before removing the mold. sprinkle the hot tortillas with kosher salt, to taste. repeat frying procedure with the remaining tortillas. keep the taco shells warm in the heated oven while preparing the filling., drain all but 2 tablespoons of the peanut oil from the skillet and return to medium heat. once the oil shimmers, add the onion and cook until softened and lightly browned around the edges, about 3 to 4 minutes. add the ground meat, 1 teaspoon salt, and garlic. cook until browned, about 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, to break up the meat. add taco potion and beef broth. bring to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until sauce is slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes., assemble each taco with meat mixture, panela, jalapeno slices, lettuce, tomatoes, and cilantro. serve immediately., put all of the ingredients in a small jar and shake to combine. store in an airtight container for up to 1 month.preheat a deep fryer with cooking oil to 350 degrees f. you can also use a castiron skillet and fill halfway with cooking oil., in a large mixing bowl, add the crumbled bread. in a small mixing bowl, combine the salt, pepper and onion powder. gradually add the seasoning mix to the bread, mixing until evenly distributed. gradually pour the beef stock over the bread, mixing until the bread is moist and all of the liquid is absorbed. add the ground beef and knead until thoroughly mixed., take a handful of the mixture and roll it into a ball, then flatten out into patty and place it on a clean surface to flatten out to about a 14inch thick. repeat with the remaining mixture. fry the patties until cooked to desired doneness soft 1 12 minutes, crispy 2 to 3 minutes, well 4 minutes and cremated 5 minutes., on each steamed hamburger bun, add a fried patty, some mustard mix, chopped onions and red pepper mix for some spice., in large jar with tight sealing lid, and add the mustard, 1 12 cups water, oil and black pepper. close the lid tightly and shake vigorously, mix the cayenne, paprika, red pepper and salt in small bowl until well combined.heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the butter. when it foams, add the bread, cutside down, and toast until golden brown, about 2 minutes. transfer the bread to a platter., sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper and mix it in, using your hands. shape the ground beef into four patties. flatten the patties between sheets of wax paper to a 38inch thickness. the patties will be 1 12 times larger than your palms its ok if the edges look ragged, since the burgers shrink up a bit while cooking., wipe the skillet lightly with vegetable oil using a paper towel. add the patties to the skillet and cook on the first side for 3 minutes. flip, season again, and cook for 2 minutes. top each patty with a slice of american cheese and cook 1 minute more., smear the toasted buns on both sides with some of nancys special sauce. stack a burger patty on top of each bun, add a slice of onion, then top with a second patty, followed by the pickles, tomatoes and lettuce. cover with the top buns and eat with a napkin, in a bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, ketchup, mustard, relish, sriracha and vinegar until wellcombined.for the meatloaf preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. heat a small skillet over medium heat. add the oil and onions, season with some salt and saute until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. add the garlic and saute for 1 to 2 minutes without letting the garlic brown. remove from the heat and let cool., in a large bowl, add the crackers, milk, mustard, worcestershire, hot sauce and eggs. whisk together, and then sprinkle with salt and pepper. add the meat, parsley and cooled onions. mix with your hands until evenly combined. bake a tester meatloaf patty to taste and test the seasoning, adjusting as necessary. using your hands, gently form the meatloaf into a loaf about 9by5inches. place on a baking sheet., for the glaze in a small bowl, combine the ketchup, brown sugar and apple cider vinegar. slather half of the glaze over the meatloaf. make sure not to touch the meatloaf with the spoon and then put that spoon back into the glaze dont cross contaminate, people bake until the meat registers 160 degrees f on an instantread thermometer, about 1 hour. let rest for 20 minutes before slicing for sandwiches., for the sandwich build place a slice of cheese on the bottom griddled bun, then a slice of meatloaf, spoon some extra glaze on the loaf, pop on a few pickles and top with crispy onions. repeat to make 3 more sandwiches.for the filling in a medium pot set over medium heat, add the ground beef, 2 teaspoons of the garlic salt, 1 tablespoon of the salt and the cayenne and then add enough water to cover the mixture, about 4 cups. bring to a simmer and cook until the meat is cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes., strain the meat and reserve the cooking liquid for a later use., in a food processor, process the meat to a mediumfine consistency and add the remaining 1 tablespoon garlic salt, the remaining 1 teaspoon salt, the kidney fat, garlic, onion and cumin. mix well, cover and refrigerate until cool, at least 2 hours or up to overnight., for the cornmeal mixture in a large bowl, combine the cornmeal, chili seasoning, kidney fat, onion and garlic, and mix well. add 12 cup of the reserved beef liquid and, using your hands, mix to incorporate all the ingredients. continue to add more liquid until the mixture can be pressed into a ball in your hand and will hold its shape even when tossed around lightly, about 14 cup. cover and place the cornmeal mixture in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or up to overnight., after the meat mixture and cornmeal mixture have cooled, run both mixtures through the food processor separately to achieve smooth and uniform textures to build the tamales., dip the tamale wrappers in water or soak the cornhusks in hot water to soften. lay the wrappers flat on the work surface. scoop about 3 tablespoons of the chilled cornmeal mixture and form it into a boat about 4inches long and 1 12inches wide. fill the center of the cornmeal boat with 2 teaspoons of the meat mixture and then pinch the cornmeal to cover and seal in the ends. repeat for the remaining cornmeal and beef, making 18 to 25 tamales total. roll the tamales in the wrappers, folding over one end and leaving the other end open., fold the open end over and tie three tamales into a bundle repeat for the remaining tamales. refrigerate the tamales for 2 hours before cooking., for the boil mixture add 8 cups water, the salt, cumin, cayenne and garlic powder to a pot and bring to a simmer., place the tamales in a separate pot with the open ends facing up. the tamales should be tightly packed so they all stand upright. pour the simmering boil mixture over the tamales., cover and cook for 3 hours over medium heat., remove from the heat and set aside for 30 minutes., add enough water to cover the tamales and cook for 1 more hour., remove the tamales from the pot and unwrap. serve warm with chili.to make the meatballs, combine the ground beef, breadcrumbs, milk, cream, parsley, mustard, salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes and eggs in a large mixing bowl. mix together well with your hands. scoop out 1tablespoon portions and roll them into balls with your hands. place the meatballs onto parchmentlined baking sheets and put the baking sheets in the freezer for 5 to 10 minutes for the meatballs to firm up., to brown the meatballs, heat the olive oil in a heavy pot or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the meatballs in batches, making sure not to overcrowd the pot. cook, turning the meatballs to make sure they brown all over, 5 to 7 minutes per batch. drain on paper towels., freezer instructions put the cooked meatballs in a single layer on baking sheets and put into the freezer. when frozen, divide them into freezer bags, 25 per bag, and return them to the freezer.heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. add the onions and 34 teaspoon salt, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and soft, about 30 minutes. if the onions brown too quickly, reduce the heat to low. uncover, increase the heat to medium high and continue to cook, stirring often, until caramelized, about 8 more minutes. add 12 cup water to the skillet, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. simmer, stirring, until the water evaporates, about 2 more minutes transfer to a bowl and set aside. the onions can be made up to 3 days ahead cover and refrigerate, then reheat before using., mix the mayonnaise, ketchup, relish and vinegar in a bowl set aside. shape the beef into 8 patties, about 4 inches wide and 12 inch thick., heat a griddle or skillet over medium heat lightly brush with vegetable oil. toast the buns on the griddle, splitside down. spread each toasted bun bottom with about 1 tablespoon of the mayonnaise mixture, then top with a few pickles, some lettuce, 1 or 2 slices tomato and another dollop of the mayonnaise mixture set aside. keep the griddle hot., season both sides of the patties with salt and pepper. working in batches if necessary, put the patties on the griddle and cook 3 minutes. spread about 1 12 teaspoons mustard on the uncooked side of each patty, then flip and top each with 1 slice cheese continue cooking about 2 more minutes for medium doneness. top 4 of the patties with caramelized onions, then cover with the remaining patties, cheeseside up. sandwich the double patties on the buns.make the meatballs put the breadcrumbs in a large bowl. heat the butter in a skillet over medium heat. add the onion, garlic, allspice, 2 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon white pepper and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. add the milk and worcestershire sauce and bring to a simmer. pour the milk mixture over the breadcrumbs and stir to make a thick paste let cool. add the beef, pork, egg and egg white to the bowl and mix until combined., brush a baking sheet with vegetable oil. roll the meat into 1inch balls and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. bake the meatballs until cooked through, about 20 minutes., make the gravy melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. add the flour and cook, whisking, until smooth. whisk in the beef broth and worcestershire sauce and bring to a simmer. add the cream and meatballs. reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the gravy thickens, about 10 minutes. season with salt and black pepper. transfer to a serving dish sprinkle with the parsley and serve with lingonberry jam, if desired.in a large bowl, combine feet, tails, lamb, pork, beef, 3 12 cups wine, chopped onion, halved garlic, and ground pepper. cover with plastic wrap, and chill overnight., heat oven to 300 degrees. place marinated meat mixture in a large saucepan. bring to a boil skim surface, and discard foam that rises to the top. prepare a bouquet garni tie the parsley stems, bay leaf, and thyme together with kitchen twine set aside., coat a 5quart covered casserole or dutch oven with lard. season potatoes with salt and pepper. line the bottom of the casserole with half of the potatoes. top with half of the sliced onions and half of the leeks. remove meat from marinade, and transfer to casserole. strain marinade over meat, discarding solids. top with remaining onion and leek, minced garlic, and bouquet garni. distribute remaining 1 pound potatoes evenly in casserole. pour remaining 3 cups wine over potatoes. cover casserole., make the seal in a medium bowl, combine flour and 12 cup warm water. stir until mixture comes together and forms a dough. roll dough into a log long enough to go around the casserole. place dough over the seam between the casserole, and the cover to seal. brush dough with egg. bake for 3 hours. remove dough seal, and serve immediately.for the osso buco put the flour in a large shallow platter and season it with a fair amount of salt and pepper. get in the habit of always tasting your flour once it coats the veal it is harder to adjust the seasoning. dredge the veal shanks in the seasoned flour and then tap off the excess extra flour will burn and make the dish offtasting., heat a large dutch oven over medium heat and hit it with a 3count drizzle of oil. add the butter and swirl it around the pan to melt. sear the veal shanks, turning carefully with tongs, until all sides are a rich brown caramel color. drizzle with a little more oil, if needed. do this in batches if the shanks are big and look crowded in the pot. remove the browned veal shanks to a side plate. there will be a lot of flavor left over in the bottom of the pot. youre going to use that to create your sauce., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., using the same pot, sautee the onion, celery, carrots, lemon zest, garlic, bay leaves, and parsley over medium heat. cook the vegetables down until they start to get some color and develop a deep, rich aroma. season with salt and pepper add a little oil if needed. nestle the veal shanks back in the pot. pour in the amarone wine and let it simmer down for 20 minutes, until the wine has reduced by half. reducing is key for intense flavor. add the beef broth and tomatoes and stir everything together. cover the pot and put it in the oven. braise for 1 and a 12 hours. then remove the cover and continue to cook for another 30 minutes. the sauce should be thick and the veal tender and nearly falling off the bone., remove bay leaves., for the gremolata f, finely chop and smashe the anchovy fillet roughly chop the pine nuts, dried cranberries and combine.anchovy, combine this with the and garlic together in a mini chopper or with a mortar and pestle. fold that into the orange zest and parsley. scatter the gremolata over the osso bucco before serving.for the short ribs heat one tablespoon of the olive oil in a heavybottom pot or dutch oven over high heat. when the oil begins to smoke slightly, place the short ribs in the pot and sprinkle with salt and pepper. roast on all sides until well browned, about 15 minutes total. remove from the pot and reduce the temperature to medium., add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the same pot and add the celery, carrots and onion and cook over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. add the wine and raise the heat level to high, bring to a boil and cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. add 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add the bundle to the pot., place the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the pot and add the beef stock. bring to a simmer over high heat. cover the pot and simmer until the meat is very tender, about 2 12 hours., carefully remove the short ribs from the pot and set aside. discard the herbs and skim the excess fat. continue to cook the vegetables and sauce over medium heat for 20 minutes until reduced to the desired consistency. put the ribs back in the pot and heat through., for the polenta bring the chicken stock to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. reduce the heat to mediumlow and very slowly whisk in the cornmeal polenta, whisking constantly to make sure there are no lumps. switch to a wooden spoon and add the salt and pepper and simmer, stirring almost constantly, until the polenta thickens, about 30 minutes. when the polenta is thick and difficult to stir, quickly turn off the heat, add the grated cheeses and fold together. be sure to scrape the bottom of the pan thoroughly while combining., for the mission fig glaze heat the olive oil in a heavybottomed saucepot over low heat and saute the shallots until just translucent, a few minutes. add the vinegar and herbs and increase the heat to mediumhigh. reduce by half, stirring constantly. add the figs, sugar and wine and further reduce by a third, continuing to stir throughout. remove from the heat when you have about 34 cup liquid remaining. pour the glaze through a finemesh strainer into a small bowl, discarding the solids., heat the olive oil in a large heavy pot or skillet over mediumhigh heat., thoroughly wash the kale and remove the stems. tear the leaves into large bitesize pieces and dry them, either in a salad spinner or on paper towels., drop 5 to 7 pieces of kale in the hot oil and fry until crisp, 60 to 90 seconds. drain on a wire rack set over paper towels and season with kosher salt while hot. repeat with the remaining kale until all the pieces are crisp., to serve, spoon some polenta on each serving plate. place a hot short rib from the cooking liquid on the polenta and spoon over some of the reduced liquid. drizzle with the fig glaze. top with some crispy kale.put the flour in a large shallow platter and season it with a fair amount of salt and pepper. get in the habit of always tasting your flour once it coats the veal it is harder to adjust the seasoning. dredge the veal shanks in the seasoned flour and then tap off the excess extra flour will burn and make the dish offtasting., heat a large dutch oven over medium heat and hit it with a 3count drizzle of oil. add the butter and swirl it around the pan to melt. sear the veal shanks, turning carefully with tongs, until all sides are a rich brown caramel color. drizzle with a little more oil, if needed. do this in batches if the shanks are big and look crowded in the pot. remove the browned veal shanks to a side plate. there will be a lot of flavor left over in the bottom of the pot. youre going to use that to create your sauce., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., using the same pot, saute the onion, celery, carrots, lemon zest, garlic, bay leaves, and parsley over medium heat. cook the vegetables down until they start to get some color and develop a deep, rich aroma. season with salt and pepper add a little oil if needed. nestle the veal shanks back in the pot. pour in the wine and let it simmer down for 20 minutes, until the wine has reduced by half. reducing is key for intense flavor. add the beef broth and tomatoes and stir everything together. cover the pot and put it in the oven. braise for 1 and a 12 hours. then remove the cover and continue to cook for another 30 minutes. the sauce should be thick and the veal tender and nearly falling off the bone., remove bay leaves., for the gremolata, finely chop the pine nuts, dried cranberries and combine. combine this with the garlic together in a mini chopper or with a mortar and pestle. fold that into the orange zest and parsley. scatter the gremolata over the osso bucco before serving.heat a large pot over medium heat and add oil. add beef and sprinkle with baking powder. brown beef, stirring to break up into smaller chunks, until no longer pink, 5 to 10 minutes. using a slotted spoon, remove beef to a bowl., add onions to pot and turn heat down to low. cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. stir in chile powder, cumin, smoked paprika, cayenne and oregano and cook for another 2 minutes to bloom. add garlic and saute for 30 more seconds. add beef stock, demiglace, tomatoes and beans. add beef back in along with any reserved juices and simmer, partially covered and stirring frequently, for 2 hours. season to taste with salt and pepper., garnish with scallions, cilantro, sour cream, pickled jalapenos and aged cheddar.1. heat the butter in a large pot over medium heat. add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. then add the ground beef and continue to cook, stirring and breaking up the chunks of meat with a spoon. cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 7 minutes. sprinkle the herbs and pepper over the meat, add salt to taste, and mix in well., 2. add the canned tomatoes with their juices, the tomato sauce, paste, and juice. add sugar to taste. simmer while you cook the pasta., 3. bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. add the macaroni and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente. drain. mix the macaroni into the chop suey. serve hot.heat the olive oil in a large pot or dutch oven over medium heat. add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion becomes translucent but does not get any color, about 10 minutes. increase the heat to mediumhigh, add the bell pepper, celery, garlic, a generous pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes., add the beef, a generous pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper to the pot and cook, stirring to break the meat into small bits, until browned, about 10 minutes. stir in the tomato paste and oregano and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes., add the worcestershire sauce, tomatoes with their juices, sugar and bay leaf. bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 45 minutes.beef prepare the rice first. place a sliced piece of prime rib on a cutting board. sprinkle with salt and pepper. spread 12cup of black rice on the beef. place 8 julienned carrots on the rice. roll the beef slice and secure using string. heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. place the beef roll in the pan and sear until golden brown on each side. add the soju and flambe for 2 minutes. remove the beef with a slotted spoon and set aside. repeat procedure for the remaining pieces of meat., sauce put the apple, pear and strawberry pieces into a blender and puree. pour puree into a pan and bring to a boil. reduce heat and simmer. add a tablespoon of soy sauce and steak sauce. stir mixture and set aside. to plate place the beef roll on a heated serving dish, spoon fruit puree over the roll and garnish with rosemary sprigs.preheat oven to 375 degrees f. coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray., to make the chili, heat 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in a large stock pot over mediumhigh heat. add beef and cook 5 minutes, until browned, breaking up the meat as it cooks. add remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer. reduce heat to mediumlow, partially cover and simmer 20 minutes., for the bread bowls divide dough into 4 equal portions and roll each portion into a ball. place balls on prepared baking sheet, top with shredded cheese and bake for 15 minutes. remove from oven and when cool enough to handle, cut a small portion from the top of each ball reserve cutout piece for another use. press into the center, making a bowl for the chili. spoon in chili into the bread bowls and top with desired toppings.prepare dumpling mix to package directions. see note, bring a pot of salted water to a boil. form several large balls, 2 to 3 inches thick, of dumpling mix. add to the boiling water then reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes., place bacon in a skillet over medium heat and render fat by cooking bacon about 3 minutes. as edges just begin to crisp, remove bacon from the skillet and transfer to paper towels to drain., season slices of sirloin with salt and pepper. spread each slice of meat with a rounded spoonful of mustard. top mustard with a generous scatter of chopped parsley. top seasoned and mustardcoated meat with a slice of bacon and a dill pickle spear each. place the bacon and pickle off center closer to 1 edge of the meat than the other. roll the steaks around the filling and secure with toothpicks or kitchen twine. heat a deep skillet over medium high heat. add oil, 2 turns of the pan, then meat rolls. cook meat 2 to 3 minutes, then give it a quarter turn. cook meat a total of 10 to 12 minutes, then transfer to a plate. add butter to the meat pot and melt. add flour to the butter and whisk together, cooking 2 minutes. add chicken stock to the flour and butter and scrape up pan drippings. season with salt and pepper. stir in sour cream and remove from heat., remove toothpicks or twine from meat. set meat roll and large dumpling on a dinner plate and cover with sour cream gravy. quick sauteed cabbage makes a simple side dish, see recipe below.bread crumbs unless you make your own bread crumbs, you wont be following raos kitchen tradition. use the finest quality italian bread you can find. allow it to dry for at least two days. then grate, using a handheld grater or a food processor fitted with a metal blade. shake and push the bread crumbs through a medium strainer to get an even texture., meatballs combine beef, veal, and pork in a large bowl. add eggs, cheese, parsley, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. using your hands, blend ingredients together. blend bread crumbs into meat mixture. slowly add water, 1 cup at a time, until the mixture is quite moist. shape the mixture into balls approximately 2 12 to 3inches in diameter., heat oil in a large saute pan. when oil is very hot but not smoking, fry meatballs in batches. when bottom 12 of meatball is very brown and slightly crisp turn and cook top 12. remove from heat and drain on paper towels., lower cooked meatballs into simmering marinara sauce and cook for 15 minutes. serve over pasta or on their own.preheat oven to 375 degrees f., for the sauce, in a small mixing bowl, combine the tomato soup and diced tomatoes. set the bowl aside until needed., in a large mixing bowl, with a large spoon, combine the mushroom soup, tomato soup, pork, beef, onions, and seasonings. once the mixture is thoroughly combined, prepare the baking dish. in a glass, 9 by 13inch pan, pour about 23 of the reserved tomato sauce in the bottom the pan. set the remaining 13 aside., to stuff the cabbage leaves, place about 3 ounces of the meat mixture on each leaf. then tightly roll the mixture into the leaf. place each roll, as they are finished, into the prepared baking dish. when all of the cabbage rolls are in the pan, spread the remaining third of the tomato sauce on top of them. cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake in the oven for 60 to 75 minutes, until the cabbage rolls are cooked through. serve.in a large bowl, add the flour and season with 1 teaspoon of salt and pepper, to taste. add the antelope and toss to coat well. melt 3 tablespoons butter in a heavy bottom pot over mediumhigh heat and add the antelope. saute the antelope until browned, stirring throughout the cooking process. after browning, deglaze with 4 cups of port or red wine, then add the stock, thyme, garlic, bay leaves, rosemary and potatoes. reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer until the meat is tender, about 40 to 50 minutes., in separate pan, over medium heat, add remaining butter, the onion, carrots, and celery and cook, stirring, for 5 to 6 minutes. deglaze the pan with the remaining 1 cup of wine, then add the tomato paste, and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. pour the vegetable mixture into the meat mixture and simmer for an additional 40 to 50 minutes, depending on the thickness of the stew. season with salt and pepper, to taste. transfer the stew to a serving dish and serve.directions, remove stems from chiles and shake out and discard seeds. in small saucepan place chiles with enough water to cover. bring to a boil, remove from heat and let sit 20 minutes to soften. drain and discard water. in a blender combine dried chiles, annatto seeds, garlic, cumin, red wine vinegar and jalapeno. puree at high speed 1  2 minutes, or until thick and smooth. add olive oil and salt and blend again until mixed. cut beef hearts into 2 x 14inch strips. place in a bowl, pour over chile mixture and toss to coat evenly. cover and marinate in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. preheat grill or broiler. thread 4  5 pieces of beef heart on a bamboo skewer. grill until seared on all sides, about 3  5 minutes. serve hot.rinse steaks under cold water and pat dry. place in ziptop bag and add red wine, dressing mix, and pepper. squeeze air out of bag and seal. gently massage bag to combine ingredients. marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 3 hours, set up grill for direct cooking over high heat. oil grate when ready to start cooking. in a medium bowl, combine chopped mushrooms, blue cheese, and italian seasoning set aside., remove steaks from marinade and discard marinade. with a sharp knife cut a pocket into the side of each steak, being careful not to cut through. stuff steaks with mushroom mixture and secure with toothpicks. place on hot, oiled grill and cook 5 to 7 minutes per side for medium 160 degrees f. remove from grill., to serve, remove toothpicks. garnish steaks with sprigs of fresh oregano and serve hot.for the rice in a medium saucepot over high heat, add the beef stock, butter, salt and saffron. when the stock reaches a boil, add the rice and stir it a bit to prevent sticking. let it come to a rolling boil and lower the heat a bit to medium. stir the rice once in a while, you want the rice to absorb all of the liquid it should take 15 to 20 minutes. taste the rice it should be slightly al dente but creamy. remove the pot from the heat, add the cheeses and stir well. pour the rice onto a baking sheet and spread into a thin layer. cover with plastic wrap and let cool, preferably overnight in the fridge., for the ragu mix the ground beef and pork together with your hands and add salt and pepper generously. set aside., in a medium saucepot over medium low heat, saute the pancetta with the olive oil until the fat is melted. add the onions and let cook until soft, about 5 minutes. add the carrot and celery along with the bay leaf and cook until soft, 7 to 10 minutes., add the ground meat and turn the heat to high. keep mixing with a wooden spoon until the meat is well done and browned. add the white wine and stir until it is evaporated. add the tomato puree and tomato paste in water. bring to a boil, and then lower the heat to medium, stirring occasionally. there will be some fat that comes to the top. skim it off with a ladle but you want to leave some for the flavor. let cook for about 1 12 hours., about 5 minutes before the ragu is done, saute the peas in a touch of butter with a pinch of salt and add to the ragu. put the ragu in a bowl and set aside to cool. you can leave it overnight covered in the fridge., for the filling and assembly portion out cooled rice into identical portions. we weigh ours to 1.6 ounces. take one portion and form it into a semicircle in the palm of your hand, making a cuplike shape to place the ragu and mozzarella into. scoop a generous amount of ragu, about 2 teaspoons, into the half ball and then a few cubes of mozzarella. take another portion of rice and flatten it into a disk shape. place that disk over the half ball to enclose the ragu and cheese in the center. have a bowl of warm water nearby to dip your hands into itll make the process easier and less sticky. roll the ball around to enclose all ingredients in the center and shape into a perfectly round ball. repeat with the remaining ingredients., for the batter and breading place the flour and 1 12 cups cold water into a bowl and add a pinch of salt. mix with a whisk until smooth and about the consistency of eggnog. add the breadcrumbs to a large bowl or baking dish. roll each rice ball in the batter and shake off excess batter. then roll each ball in the breadcrumbs. repeat with all the balls., use a heavy duty pot with enough canola oil to submerge the balls in. make sure the oil isnt near the top of the pot because it will overflow when you drop your balls in. bring the oil to 350 degrees f, using a high temp thermometer if you have one. if not you can throw a small piece of white bread in to test it should brown quickly and float when the oil is hot enough., use a slotted spoon or wire basket to lower your balls into the hot oil. dont overcrowd the balls  maybe 2 or 3 at a time. fry in batches until they are golden like arancini little oranges, about 5 minutes. remove and place on paper towels to drain. eat hot.heat a heavy pot or dutch oven over high heat. add the extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, and the meat and brown until crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. add the chorizo and render the fat a bit, then add the onions, garlic and chiles and season with salt and lots of black pepper, to taste. cook for 5 to 6 minutes more to soften the onions, then add the oregano, paprika, and chili powder. once the onions are tender add the tomato paste and stir for 1 minute. stir in the stock, lower the heat, and simmer for a few minutes to combine the flavors. can be cooled and refrigerated for a makeahead meal and reheated over mediumlow heat with a little extra broth or water to reconstitute. the chili also freezes well., put the herbs, shallots, garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, vinegar and oil in food processor bowl. pulseprocess until finely chopped but still a loose sauce. sauce can be made fresh or refrigerated for a few days in airtight container., transfer the hot chili to serving bowls and topped with chimichurri sauce. serve with lots of crusty warm bread. you can also top with finely chopped seeded tomatoes, if desired.1.heat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add onions cook until soft and translucent, about 7 minutes. add garlic, paprika, cumin and crushed red pepper cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds more. 2.add ground beef to onion mixture. cook, stirring and breaking up meat with wooden spoon, until cooked through, about 8 minutes. season meat mixture with adobo. gently mix in chopped eggs, raisins and chopped olives. set beef mixture aside to cool. 3.heat oven to 375f. place dough round on work surface. using heaping tablespoon measure, spoon meat mixture onto center of dough round. using pastry brush, paint edges of dough with egg wash. fold dough into halfmoon shape gently press down edges and twist down to seal. repeat with remaining ingredients. 4.divide empanadas among baking sheets, leaving 112 space between each empanada. brush tops of empanadas with remaining egg wash. cook until pastries puff, turn golden brown and filling is hot, about 20 minutes.cook the beef patties in the oil on a griddle over mediumhigh heat, 4 minutes per side. set patties aside and fry the bologna over medium heat, 2 minutes per side., build the burgers on the brioche buns, topping each patty with provolone, lettuce, tomato slices and some bbq sauce.heat the oven to 400 degrees f., pulse the garlic in a food processor to mince it. add the onion and pulse to chop, then add the green pepper and pulse to chop. add the lamb, tomato paste, tomatoes, parsley, cumin, cayenne, and salt and pepper process until everything is very well chopped. the consistency should be wet and pasty, like hummus. spread a thin layer of the meat mixture onto flour tortillas all the way to the edge. bake directly on the oven rack for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the edges are browned and the meat is cooked through. if the tortilla begins to inflate in the oven, pop it with a fork from the top. to serve, squeeze some lemon over the top, fold the pizza into quarters, and eat out of hand.line a baking sheet with parchment paper., place the frozen steak fries on the prepared baking sheet and drizzle with the oil. sprinkle with the cowboy rub and a pinch of salt. toss the potatoes to coat and roast according to the package directions until golden brown and crispy., meanwhile, place a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the ground beef and sprinkle with the barbecue spice blend and 12 teaspoon salt. cook, stirring occasionally, until evenly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. set aside., remove the cooked fries from the oven but leave on the baking sheet. alternatively, you can transfer the cooked fries to a large castiron skillet for serving., set the oven to 375 degrees f., cover the fries evenly with the baked beans. put the cooked ground beef on top of the beans and drizzle with the barbecue sauce. sprinkle with 14 cup of the fried onion strings. cover the onions with the gouda., put the baking sheet or skillet back in the oven and bake until the cheese melts and the sauce bubbles, 5 to 7 minutes., sprinkle the baked poutine with the remaining fried onion strings, crumbled bacon and scallions. serve immediately.season the chicken liberally with salt, pepper, and paprika, add to a preheated large, shallow pot with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. once browned, remove the chicken to a plate and drain off the fat. add butter to the pot and melt. brown the pasta 2 minutes or until golden, remove to plate and reserve., place the saffron and chicken stock in a small pot and warm it up to steep the saffron threads., once the pasta is browned and has been removed from the pot, add the remaining tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, and brown the ham, about 2 minutes. add the onions, celery, bell peppers, hot peppers, garlic and bay leaf to the pan. cook 5 to 6 minutes to soften up a bit, then add the tomatoes, rice. stir in the pasta and warm saffron stock. add the chicken and cover the pot, cook 18 minutes, until rice is tender. serve or cool completely and store for makeahead meal., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., heat the dish in the oven until heated through. to reheat add 12 cup stock or water, sprinkled around the pan. if madeahead and reheated, the rice will become crunchy on top and at the edges, but this can be a plus in the texture of the dish.prepare smoker for cooking, heating to 180 to 200 degrees f., season brisket with spice rub on both sides and then place in smoker. smoke for 8 hours. remove brisket to a platter and leave smoker on., cut burnt ends blackened portion from lean section of smoked brisket and then chop into cubes. place chopped pieces in a large pan with holes. smoke for 1 12 hours, or until dried out. remove pan from smoker and transfer brisket cubes to a large pan without any holes. stir in favorite bbq sauce, and then return to the smoker for an additional 1 12 hours. burnt ends may be combined with baked beans or served on a sandwich.to make artichoke crust, place the artichoke bottoms, thyme, garlic, buttermilk or yogurt, mustard, bread crumbs, salt and pepper in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until smooth. sprinkle the salmon with the salt and pepper. divide the artichoke crust into 4 portions and place dollops on the top side only of the salmon fillets. pat down to form a crust. cover the artichoke crust with the artichoke slices or sprinkle with bread crumbs. to make the mint vinaigrette, combine the tomato, shallots, mint, lemon juice, salt, pepper and vinegar in a small bowl. set aside. preheat oven to 350 degrees. place a large non stick skillet over a medium high heat and when it is hot, add the salmon fillets skin side down. cook until the skin is crispy, about 2 minutes. transfer to the oven and bake until the salmon is rare, about 10 minutes. serve immediately with the mint vinaigrette.cook on a medium heated grill, slowly, basting with appropriate marinades until cooked perfectly. eat each meat as it finishes cooking., chimichurri for beef, innards and sausage in a food processor, combine parsley, cloves, chile flakes, and salt and pepper. completely puree until fine, in a serving container, add vinegar and oil., argentine marinade for chicken or seafood steep saffron in lemon juice for 5 minutes. combine all ingredients and keep covered.in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the sesame oil and heat. add the cabbage and carrots and saute for 2 minutes. add the beef and cook, stirring, until the beef is heated and the cabbage begins to wilt, about 2 minutes. add the hoisin sauce and soy sauce and cook 5 minutes, until mixture heats through and cabbage wilts, stirring frequently., meanwhile, bring the water to a boil. place the couscous in a heatproof bowl and sprinkle with salt, pepper, and curry powder. pour the boiling water over the couscous and cover for 5 minutes. fluff with a fork., spoon some of the beef into the center of each lettuce leaf and roll up. serve with the couscous.place sesame seeds in a small skillet and set pan over mediumlow heat. cook 1 to 3 minutes, until just golden brown, shaking the pan frequently to prevent burning. remove from heat and set aside., place lettuce in a large bowl or divide onto individual dishes. top lettuce with beef, carrots, scallions and cilantro., in a small bowl, whisk together broth, vinegar and sesame oil. season with salt and pepper, to taste. pour mixture over salad, and top with toasted sesame seeds. serve immediately.light your charcoal. while it is getting hot, mix salt and pepper and rub into meat. then massage in the garlic. add the vermouth and soy sauce and mix again. let marinate 20 to 30 minutes. place the short ribs on the grill and cook until desired doneness.for the beef heat the olive oil in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. sprinkle the sirloin cubes with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. in batches if necessary, sear the meat on all sides and cook until medium rare, 2 to 3 minutes. drain on paper towels and set aside to cool., meanwhile, make the dipping sauce in a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lime zest and juice, vinegar, sesame oil, sugar, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper., thread the beef onto toothpicks 2 pieces per. garnish with cilantro and serve with the dipping sauce.1.cut beef steak lengthwise in half, then crosswise into 14 to 18inch thick strips. combine marinade ingredients in small bowl. place beef and 14 cup marinade in medium bowl toss to coat. cover and marinate in refrigerator 30 minutes to 2 hours. cover and reserve remaining marinade in refrigerator. 2.cook pasta according to package directions, adding peas and carrots during last 1 to 2 minutes and cooking until vegetables are crisptender. drain place pasta and vegetables in large serving bowl. set aside. 3.meanwhile remove steak from marinade discard marinade. heat large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. add 12 of beef stirfry 1 to 3 minutes or until outside surface of beef is no longer pink. do not overcook. repeat with remaining beef. season with salt and pepper, as desired. 4.add beef with juices and reserved marinade to pasta and vegetables toss to combine. sprinkle with sesame seeds, if desired.cut beef steak lengthwise in half, then crosswise into 14inch thick strips., combine vegetables and 3 tablespoons water in large nonstick skillet. cover and cook over mediumhigh heat 4 minutes or until crisptender. remove and drain., heat same pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. add 12 of beef and 12 of garlic stirfry 1 to 2 minutes or until outside surface of beef is no longer pink. remove. repeat with remaining beef and garlic., return all beef and vegetables to pan. add stirfry sauce and red pepper heat through. spoon over rice. sprinkle with peanuts, if desired., beef. its whats for dinner1cut beef steak lengthwise in half, then crosswise into 14inch thick strips. 2combine vegetables and 3 tablespoons water in large nonstick skillet. cover and cook over mediumhigh heat 4 minutes or until crisptender. remove and drain. 3heat same pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. add half of beef and half of garlic stirfry 1 to 2 minutes or until outside surface of beef is no longer pink. remove. repeat with remaining beef and garlic. 4return all beef and vegetables to pan. add stirfry sauce and crushed red pepper heat through. serve over rice. sprinkle with peanuts, if desired.1 place beef steaks and 13 cup dressing in foodsafe plastic bag turn steaks to coat. close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 15 minutes to 2 hours. 2 meanwhile, cook rice in boiling water according to package directions omitting butter and salt, if desired. place in large bowl cool. 3 remove steaks from marinade discard marinade. place steaks on grid over medium, ashcovered coals. grill, covered, 7 to 10 minutes over medium heat on preheated gas grill, times remain the same for medium rare 145°f to medium 160°f doneness, turning occasionally. 4 add bell pepper, cucumber, edamame, 2 tablespoons green onion, cilantro and remaining 13 cup dressing to rice toss to combine. season with salt, as desired. 5 carve steaks into slices. place rice salad on serving plate. arrange steak over rice top with remaining 2 tablespoons green onion.the point of a stew, it should go without saying, is its flavour rather than its form. so while the crunchy salad strips of carrot, scallion and bell pepper, do bring colour and beauty to the otherwise brown study, their texture and asianflavoured bite provide the perfect partner for the rich aromatic spiciness of the softbraised stew beneath., cooking the shin on the bone gives me a certain primitive pleasure, and the meat even more melting tenderness, but you can buy cubed beef shank off the bone or other stew meat, if you must, in which case, you wont need as much in weight., along with the stew and its crunchy, hot and sour topping, i serve gingery mashed parsnip and potatoes, the ginger offering a muted echo of the south east asian tones. while a plain bowl of rice would be a fine alternative, know that the aromatic mash makes for fantastic, fiery potato patties the day or so after., for the beef preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., quarter and peel the onions, and peel and roughly slice the ginger and put into the processor with the peeled garlic cloves and coriander. blitz until finely chopped, then heat the oil in a large dutch oven and fry this mixture gently, until soft and beginning to catch in the pan this should take about 10 minutes, over medium heat and with regular stirring., pour in the chinese wine or sherry and let it bubble up. add the soy sauce, brown sugar, broth, oyster sauce and vinegar. bring to a boil, then drop in the cinnamon sticks and star anise. add the pieces of beef shank and let everything come up to a bubble again, then clamp on a lid and put into the oven for 2 hours regular stew steak may take longer., take the dutch oven carefully out of the oven and, using a perforated spoon, remove the beef to an ovenproof dish, cover with aluminum foil, and keep warm in the oven, while you vigorously boil the sauce in the dutch oven on the stove, without a lid, until it has reduced by about half., for the salad peel the carrots, cut into long slices, and then julienne them i.e. cut into matchsticklike strips. trim and halve the scallions and then julienne as well. seed the chillies and also cut into juliennes, and finely chop the cilantro. combine all the julienned vegetables and the chopped cilantro in a bowl. in another bowl mix the lime juice, fish sauce and superfine sugar, and dress the vegetables with this., for serving arrange the beef on a serving platter and pour over the reduced sauce over the meat, then dress the top with the hot and sour shredded salad. if you are using cubes of stew meat, rather than slices of shank, youd probably do better to use a deeper dish., make ahead note cook the beef for 1 34 hours then transfer to a bowl to cool. cover, refrigerate and store in refrigerator for up to 2 days. when ready to use, return the beef to the dutch oven and heat gently until sauce is just boiling. cover and return to oven for 30 minutes, or until the beef is piping hot. transfer meat to an ovenproof dish and finish sauce as directed., freeze note cook and cool as above then freeze for up to 3 months in airtight container. thaw overnight in fridge and reheat and finish as above.place the beef in a bowl, add with curry powder, sugar, cilantro, scallions, garlic, chiles, cumin, salt, and pepper, and mix well. form into 4 8ounce patties. place patties on grill and grill to desired doneness. place scallion pieces and shiitake caps on the grill and brush with the teriyaki sauce and grill until well charred., serve burgers on sesame buns topped with grilled scallion and shiitakes and more teriyaki sauce, if desired.preheat a grill to medium high. mix the kimchi and mayonnaise in a small bowl set aside. combine the ground beef, garlic, brown sugar, soy sauce, sesame oil, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. form the beef into 4 patties, about 4 inches wide and 34 inch thick., oil the grill grates. add the patties and cook until marked on the bottom and starting to cook up the sides, about 3 minutes. flip and cook 3 to 4 more minutes for medium rare., toast the buns on the grill. transfer the burgers to the bun bottoms. top with the kimchi mayonnaise, pickles and bun tops. serve with chips.1 head boston lettuce, leaves separated, cleaned and dried in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the vegetable oil and saute beef until brown. stir in ginger, scallions, garlic, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, and hoisin and cook for 1 minute. remove from the heat and stir in the peanuts. season with salt and pepper and serve warm wrapped in lettuce cups.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., in a wide stockpot or dutch oven, combine the short ribs, soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, lemongrass, ginger, brown sugar, water, green onion bottoms, crushed red pepper, and 2 tablespoons of the orange juice. make sure that the stockpot is deep enough so that the short ribs are submerged in the liquid., bake the short ribs, covered, for about 3 hours, or until the meat is tender and falling off the bones. remove the short ribs from the braising liquid and cover to keep warm. increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees f., drain the fat off of the cooking liquid and discard. place the remaining braising juices in a medium saucepan with 14 cup of the hoisin sauce and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. reduce the liquid until only about 1 14 cups remain. strain through a finemeshed strainer, discarding the solids. stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of orange juice and the lemon juice., return the short ribs and the reduced sauce to the stockpot or dutch oven, coating the short ribs well with the sauce. bake for 10 minutes, until the short ribs are heated through and slightly glazed. serve hot over jasmine rice. season each portion with the orange zest and garnish with the green onions if desired.heat oil in a large stock pot over medium heat. add shallots and garlic and cook 1 minute. add mushrooms and saute 5 minutes, until tender and releasing juice. add thyme and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. using a slotted spoon, remove 1 cup of sauteed mushrooms and reserve for wild mushroom turnovers with romano cheese., to the mushrooms in the pot, add rice and broth and asparagus and bring to a simmer. simmer 5 minutes, stir in parmesan and chopped parsley. season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. ladle risotto into bowls and serve hot., serving suggestions toss cherry tomatoes with bottled caesar dressing and serve alongside risotto.in a large bowl, combine all ingredients except wood chips and mix well. cover and let the mixture sit for 30 minutes in refrigerator. form into 8 patties., meanwhile, preheat outdoor charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat. when coals are white, add soaked wood chips, if desired., grill burgers, turning once, to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for rare to mediumrare.in a large bowl, combine all ingredients except wood chips and mix well. cover and let the mixture sit for 30 minutes in refrigerator. form into 8 patties., meanwhile, preheat outdoor charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat. when coals are white, add soaked wood chips, if desired., grill burgers, turning once, to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for rare to mediumrare.for the meatball mix preheat oven to 375 degrees f., in a mixing bowl, combine all ingredients. roll meatballs into desired size and bake in preheated oven for about 15 minutes or until golden brown. for the lasagna, instead of rolling into desired size, spread mix out evenly on a sheet pan and bake. break up the meat for lasagna., for the meat sauce in a stock pot or large cooking vessel brown the ground beef. add the celerycarrotonion mix and cook for about 2 minutes. add the tomatoes and the seasonings. let simmer for 2 hours., for aunt angies lasagna using a 12 hotel pan or medium to large baking dish, coat the bottom with a thin layer of meat sauce. lay out 4 pieces of lasagna so they go up the side of the pan with an additional 3 to 4 inches hanging over the edge. do the same in the other direction of the pan using pieces of pasta. add another layer of meat sauce, followed by 12 of the meatball mix. then top the meat with 1 pound of the ricotta cheese, 1 pound of mozzarella, and 14 cup of romano. add a layer of pasta and repeat to have 2 layers. fold over the remaining pasta to cover the top. top with meat sauce and place in preheated oven and bake until proper serving temperature is reached or top is golden brown.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., bring a large pot of water to a boil. insert a large fork into the bottom of the cabbage. holding the fork place the cabbage into the boiling water for about 10 seconds. remove from water and peel off the leaves. place the leaves in a large bowl and set aside., combine ground beef, uncooked rice, meatloaf seasoning, and eggs. stir thoroughly set aside., remove cabbage leaves from the bowl and cut off white thick stem part. line a large ovensafe 9 x 12 baking dish with the smaller inner white cabbage leaves., place 2 tablespoons of meat mixture in the center of a leaf. fold over sides and roll up. repeat with remaining leaves and meat. place cabbage rolls seam side down in cabbage leaf lined pan. cover with chopped onions., in a small bowl, stir together pasta sauce and diced tomatoes. pour over onions and cover pan with foil. bake in preheated oven for 1 hour., serve hot with sauce.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. in a large bowl, combine the ground beef, tomato paste, onions, green pepper, oats, egg, salt, and pepper. shape the mixture into a loaf and place it in a 9 by 5inch loaf pan., in a small bowl, whisk together the ketchup, brown sugar, and mustard. slather the glaze on top of the meat loaf and bake until the meat loaf is firm and cooked all the way through, about 1 hour. serve hot.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., dredge beef in flour and sear in oil in a hot pan. add the garlic and onion and saute for 4 more minutes. add the spices, worcestershire and soy sauce and cook until the liquid is almost dissolved. add the stock and cook until the meat is coated in thick gravy. transfer to a container and cool., roll 2 sheets of pastry to 12inch thickness. line 8inch tart molds with the rolled pastry. line the pastry with tin foil and prebake for about 8 minutes. let cool., roll out the remaining pastry sheets and cut lids for the pies. fill baked shells with the meat mixture and cover with the cut pastry lids. attach lids with egg wash. brush the tops with the remaining egg wash and sprinkle with black pepper., bake for 8 minutes or until golden brown.melt butter in skillet over mediumhigh heat. add onions to hot pan and begin caramelizing, stirring occasionally. after 4 minutes or so, add apples to the onions and continue to cook until onions are golden brown, about 6 more minutes. remove from heat when done., while onions and apples are cooking, blend together in a large bowl the ground beef, salt, pepper, thyme, dijon, egg, and bread crumbs. be sure ingredients are well incorporated, but dont over work. form mixture into 4 goodsized patties. hint if you create a concave burger, with the center thinner than the edges, when it cooks the burger wont swell up to look like a meatball, but will remain flat and pattylike, heat grill to mediumhigh heat., place burgers on grill and cook about 10 minutes per side, or until cooked through. as burgers are finishing after the first flip, spread mayonnaise on both cut sides of each split roll. place rolls on grill, mayonnaise side down, to toast for about 1 minute, or until golden., place each burger on the bottom half of a toasted roll. top with about 14 cup of blue cheese, then with a generous scoop of the caramelized onion and apple mixture. cover with the roll and serve.directions, cook 4 bacon slices in a skillet with 1 teaspoon vegetable oil until crisp, 8 minutes. drain on paper towels, then crumble. add 1 sliced red onion to the drippings, season with salt and pepper and cook 2 minutes let cool. combine a 14ounce bag coleslaw mix, 34 cup each sliced radishes and halved cherry tomatoes, 12 chopped cucumber and the red onion in a bowl. puree 1 avocado, 34 cup buttermilk, 12 cup fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, the juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and some pepper toss with the slaw. add the bacon. chill 30 minutes.heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add in the roast beef, stir once and let the meat brown, about 2 minutes, and stir again. add in the bbq sauce and simmer for 5 minutes., layer the shredded cheese on top of some tortilla chips on a large platter. pour the piping hot meat over the cheese and then top with the crispy onions, cherry peppers and dollops of the honey horseradish crema., mix the sour cream, horseradish, honey, mustard and salt in a bowl. let the crema sit for 20 minutes before serving.in a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat. saute the pepper and onion until softened, 1 to 2 minutes. stir in the garlic salt. add the bbq sauce and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to a low simmer and add the chopped meat., meanwhile, fill a large pot with water and bring to boil. season liberally with salt and add spaghetti. cook until al dente firm but not hard, about 7 minutes, and drain. toss spaghetti with sauce., in a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients. bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. cooked uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes.combine all the seasoning ingredients in a bowl. coat the tritip with the rub and place in the refrigerator for 1 hour., preheat grill over low heat., sear both sides of the beef on the grill, then cook over low heat for about 30 minutes constantly turning or until internal temperature reaches 130 degrees f on an instantread thermometer. remove from grill to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. thinly slice and serve.1. preheat lightly oiled grill to 500600°f. 2. in small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise and mustard. 3. season turkey patties with salt and pepper. 4. place patties on grill and cook for 45 minutes per side until cooked through and a meat thermometer reads 165°f throughout the patty. 5. spread mayonnaise mixture on cut sides of buns. 6. place turkey patties in buns and top each patty with 1 lettuce leaf, 1 tomato slice and 2 bacon strips.for food safety, cook to a minimum internal temperature of 165°f as measured by a meat thermometermake the candied bacon preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. mix the brown sugar, cayenne and cinnamon in a small bowl. arrange the bacon on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. sprinkle with half of the sugarspice mixture. bake 10 minutes, then flip and sprinkle with the remaining sugarspice mixture and bake 10 more minutes. remove the bacon from the oven and let cool., make the bacon mayonnaise cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 9 to 11 minutes. drain on paper towels, then finely dice. whisk the mayonnaise and sour cream in a small bowl. stir in the diced bacon and chives and season with salt and black pepper. cover and refrigerate until ready to use, or up to 1 day., make the burgers form the ground beef into 4 equalsize patties, about 3 12 inches in diameter. sprinkle both sides of each patty liberally with salt and black pepper., heat a grill pan or castiron skillet over high heat, then add the canola oil. add the patties and cook about 3 minutes, then flip and top each with 1 slice cheddar. cover and continue cooking 3 more minutes for medium rare., build the burgers smear the bacon mayonnaise on the toast. serve the patties on the toast with lettuce, tomato and the candied bacon.make the dressing combine all the dressing ingredients and mix well. refrigerate until ready to serve., make the burgers preheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh., in a bowl, combine the beef, worcestershire sauce, egg, salt, and pepper. shape into four patties., grill the patties for about 3 minutes per side for medium doneness., place each patty on a bun and top with bacon, tomato, lettuce, and a generous dollop of dressing. close the burgers with the top bun half and serve immediately.directions, 1. soak four 6inch bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes and preheat grill to medium., 2. cut escarole lengthwise, through core, into 4 wedges. season with salt and pepper. wrap each wedge tightly with 2 slices of bacon secure with skewers and brush with 14 cup olive oil. place bundles skewered side down and covered with a disposable aluminum pan on grill. cook, turning occasionally until bacon is crisp, about 12 minutes., 3. lightly brush bread with additional olive oil, season with salt and black pepper to taste and char on grill, about 1 minute per side. remove and rub bread with cut side of tomato halves until toasts are saturated with tomatos juices., 4. top each crostini with an escarole bundle and serve with a lemon wedge.for the dressing combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, chives, parsley, salt, pepper and garlic powder in a medium bowl and mix well. refrigerate until ready to serve., for the burgers preheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat., in a bowl, combine the beef, worcestershire sauce, egg, salt and pepper. shape into 4 patties., grill the patties for about 5 minutes per side for medium doneness., place each patty on a bun and top with bacon, tomato, lettuce and a generous dollop of dressing. close the burgers with the top bun half and serve immediately.place bacon in a food processor cover and process until finely chopped. in a large bowl, combine the milk, egg, bread crumbs, onion and seasonings. crumble the bacon, pork and beef over mixture and mix well. shape into 2inch meatballs. place in an ungreased 15x10x1inch baking pan. bake at 425f for 30 to 35 minutes or until a meat thermometer reads 160f. spread ranch dressing over rolls. layer each with salad greens, a tomato slice and a meatball replace tops.for the tortillas preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. lay the tortillas on a baking sheet, brush both sides with the oil and sprinkle with salt. bake until golden brown and crispy, about 10 minutes., for the cube steak toss the steak strips with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet over high heat until lightly smoking. add half of the strips and cook, tossing until the strips are browned on all sides, but not completely cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon to a large bowl and repeat with the other half., remove all but 1 tablespoon of oil from the skillet and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. add the onions and 12 teaspoon salt. cook, stirring frequently, until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. add the garlic and 14 teaspoons of the oregano and cook for 1 minute. add the broth and stir with a wooden spoon to loosen any browned bits. add the steak strips and any accumulated juice and simmer until thickened slightly, about 4 minutes. remove from the heat and add the remaining 14 teaspoon oregano, lime zest and lime juice and mix well., for the beans heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the chili powder. cook until fragrant, about 15 seconds. add the black beans and toss to combine. add the broth, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and bring to boil. using a masher, smash the black beans, stirring occasionally to incorporate into the broth, until thick. remove from the heat., for the chililime mango toss the mangoes with the lime zest, lime juice, chili powder and 18 teaspoon salt., to assemble the chalupas, spread a thin layer of smashed black beans on each crispy corn tortilla and divide the steak among them. top with some chililime mangoes and serve with lime wedges and pickled jalapenos.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., arrange 2 cooling racks on baking sheets and arrange the bacon on 1 of them. bacon may also be baked on a slotted broiler pan. bake the bacon until crisp, about 12 to 15 minutes. remove the bacon to paper towels to drain., bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. salt the water and add the pasta. undercook the pasta by 1 to 2 minutes, until just shy of al dente. drain and set aside., while the water comes to a boil, arrange the sliced tomatoes on the second baking rack. sprinkle with chives, salt and pepper, to taste, and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. roast them for about 20 minutes. switch the oven to broil when you remove tomatoes., process the bread in a food processor they become coarse bread crumbs. transfer the bread crumbs to a small bowl., melt butter in sauce pot over medium heat. pour 13 to 12 of the butter over the crumbs to moisten, then stir in the parsley. to the remaining butter in the sauce pot, add the garlic and stir for 1 minute, then add the hot sauce and mustard. stir to combine, then sprinkle in the flour and cook for 1 minute more. whisk in the lemon juice, worcestershire sauce and ale. cook for 30 seconds, then add the stock and bring to a bubble. when the sauce thickens, stir in 2 cups of the cheese in a figure 8 motion and season with salt and pepper, to taste., add the pasta with to the sauce and toss to coat. spoon it into crocks or a casserole dish. top with the bread crumbs and remaining cheese, then put it on the middle rack of the oven. broil until bubbly and deeply brown on top, about 2 to 3 minutes., arrange a bed of cress leaves alongside portions of macaroni and cheese or individual crocks. top the watercress with a thick slice of roasted tomato and crisscrossed bacon strips. cover with a second slab of tomato and serve.heat a grill pan or grill to mediumhigh heat., bring steaks to room temperature, drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides., place the steaks on the grill, cook meat 10 to 12 minutes for pink centers. turn twice and let meat rest 5 minutes before slicing., while meat cooks, brown bacon in a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil in a medium to large skillet over mediumhigh heat., chop the leeks then soak in a large bowl of water or separate the chopped leeks by running under water. dry the leeks in a kitchen towel., place cooked bacon on paper towels to drain. pour off all but about a tablespoon of bacon drippings then add leeks and wilt down. season cooked leeks with salt and peppe, to taste., transfer the cooked bacon to a food processor and add worcestershire, vinegar, mustard, some black pepper and a splash of water. turn processor on and stream in 12 cup extravirgin olive oil., on each dinner plate, arrange a bed of shredded romaine and thickly sliced tomatoes. slice meat against the grain of the steak. arrange the steak over the sliced tomatoes. scatter the leeks over the sliced steaks and pour bacon dressing down over the top.place ribs and beef broth in a large heavy pot or dutch oven, and add enough water to fully cover ribs. simmer over low heat for about 1 hour. once tender, remove and set aside., preheat the grill to medium heat. in a medium bowl, combine barbeque sauce and honey. baste ribs generously with sauce and grill for about 4 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness.place ribs and beef broth in a large heavy pot or dutch oven, and add enough water to fully cover ribs. simmer over low heat for about 1 hour. once tender, remove and set aside., preheat the grill to medium heat. in a medium bowl, combine barbeque sauce and honey. baste ribs generously with sauce and grill for about 4 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness.stir the flour, salt and pepper together in a small cup and spread the mixture out on a large plate. dip the lamb chops in the flour mixture on both sides. shake off any excess., heat the oil in a large skillet and saute the chops over mediumhigh heat according to taste. transfer them to a serving platter and keep warm. pour the madeira, stock and rosemary into the skillet and bring to a boil, scraping up all the cooked juices from the bottom. remove the skillet from the heat, pour the sauce over the lamb chops, and serve immediately.for pastry combine flour, suet, baking powder, salt and water to form a smooth dough. dust a smooth surface with flour and press out pastry with fingers to form a circle 14 inch thick. lay a pudding cloth or cheesecloth into a basin or large ovenproof bowl and mold the pastry to it. in a separate bowl, combine kidney and steak. season well with salt and pepper. add parsley and thyme. dust with a little flour., place half the meat mixture into the suet crust. add half the mushrooms, then the remaining meat, and the mushrooms again. add enough oyster juice to the wine to make 12 cup and pour into the pudding., brush the edges of the crust with water. use the cloth to fold the pastry sides over to cover the filling. cut away excess dough. tie cloth with a string., bring a pot large enough to completely enclose the pudding bowl filled half way with water to a boil. place pudding bowl in potthe water should reach up to 34 of the sides of the bowl. cover with lid. or to mold the pudding to the shape of a babys head, remove the nob from the lid of the pot and thread the cloths string through the exposed holes. secure the string to the pots handles to suspend the pudding in the pot. boil pudding for 3 12 hours. make sure the water doesnt boil away. one hint place two marbles in the pot with the water. their pinging will notify you when the water completely evaporates., remove pudding from bowl. carefully pull away pudding cloth and invert pudding onto a large, heated serving dish. cut out a top in the puddings crust and add the oysters, mixing them in with a fork.in a large bowl, combine first five ingredients. form into 8 patties. over medium heat on grill, cook burgers on each side until done no longer pink, about 10 to 15 minutes. serve with buns and favorite toppings.put the bratwursts in a medium pot in a single layer. pour in the beer, then add enough water to cover the bratwursts by 1 inch, if necessary. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low. simmer until the bratwursts are cooked through, 12 to 14 minutes. remove to a plate and allow to cool completely., meanwhile, combine the ground beef, worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. gently mix with your hands and divide into 4 equal portions., lay out a piece of plastic wrap. arrange 4 bacon slices side by side on the plastic to form a rectangle, overlapping them slightly. position the bacon rectangle with a short end in front of you. press a portion of the beef over the half of the bacon rectangle closest to you. place a bratwurst horizontally on top of the beef. using the plastic wrap to help, tightly roll the bacon and beef around the bratwurst away from you remove the plastic wrap. secure the bacon with kitchen twine in 3 or 4 spots. repeat to wrap the remaining bratwursts., place the baconwrapped bratwursts seamside down in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. cook, turning, until the bacon is crisp and the beef is cooked through, about 10 minutes. remove to a plate, tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes., meanwhile, preheat the broiler. drizzle the insides of the buns with olive oil. place on a baking sheet and broil until golden brown, about 1 minute. use scissors to remove the twine from the bratwursts. place on the buns and top with the chopped onion and cheese.bring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta. salt the water and cook the pasta shy of al dente, 5 to 6 minutes., while the water comes to a boil, heat the evoo in a dutch oven or deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the bacon and crisp. remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and remove some of the drippings, leaving a thin layer. add the beef, brown and crumble, but leave a few larger pieces. season with salt and pepper. once the beef has caramelized, add the onions and cook to tender. add the stock and worcestershire, then reduce the heat to low., in a saucepot over medium to mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. whisk in the flour, cook 1 minute. whisk in the milk and season with salt and pepper. thicken to coat the back of a spoon. stir in the cheese. when the cheese has melted into the sauce, stir in the mustard, ketchup, relish and hot sauce. combine the pasta with the sauce and fold in the meat. place in a large casserole dish. cool and store for a makeahead meal., to serve, preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. bring the casserole to room temp then bake until brown and bubbly on top and golden at edges, 45 to 50 minutes.heat grill to high heat., bring first 4 ingredients to boil in small saucepan. simmer on low heat 10 min., stirring occasionally. cool., combine squash, zucchini, onions and fennel in large bowl. add 1 tbsp. oil toss to evenly coat vegetables with oil. grill 5 to 7 min. or until vegetables are crisptender, turning occasionally. remove from grill., reserve 1 tbsp. of the remaining oil for later use. brush steaks with remaining oil season with 1 tbsp. pepper and salt. grill 8 to 10 min. on each side or until steaks are medium doneness 160f. transfer to cutting board., toss scallops with 1 tsp. of the reserved oil season with remaining pepper. grill 2 min. on each side or until opaque. remove from grill., cut fennel bulb into thin slices place in medium bowl. chop enough of the fennel fronds to measure 2 tbsp. add to sliced fennel along with the squash, zucchini, lemon zest, juice and remaining oil., place 2 onions in food processor with date mixture process until smooth., cut steaks and scallops in half place on platter with tomato slices and remaining onions. serve with date sauce and vegetable salad.preheat a grill to medium high. cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning, until browned and crisp, about 7 minutes. transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain break each slice in half., meanwhile, combine the ground beef, worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. mix with your hands until just combined. form the mixture into four 34inchthick patties. press your thumb into the center of each patty to make a 12inchdeep indentation., combine the mayonnaise, sriracha and ketchup in a bowl. brush the grill with vegetable oil. grill the patties until marked and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side top each with a slice of cheese during the last minute of cooking and cover to melt., toast the buns cutside down on the grill. serve the patties on the buns top with the spicy mayonnaise, bacon and lettuce.1. pulse the bacon in a food processor, or chop with a knife, until ground. if using a knife, freeze the bacon for a bit first to make the chopping easier. 2. combine the bacon and beef in a bowl, mixing lightly. divide the mixture into four equal portions. gently flatten into 1inch patties and make a thumbsize divot in the middle of each., 3. heat a griddle or large castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. evenly sprinkle the patties all over with salt and 18 teaspoon pepper. griddle the burgers, turning when the bottom forms a dark brown crust, about 4 minutes. add 1ounce cheese on top of each burger and cook for 2 minutes. cover the pan and turn the heat off. allow to sit, covered, until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. place the burgers on the buns, top with lettuce and tomato. cover with the top buns and serve.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f and line a baking sheet with parchment paper., heat a large skillet over medium heat. add the beef and cook, stirring to break it up into small crumbles, until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. meanwhile, roughly chop half of the cheese, leaving other half as slices. set aside., using a slotted spoon, remove the beef from the skillet and transfer to a large bowl discard the fat and liquid in the pan. let the beef cool completely in the bowl, then stir in the chopped cheese., on a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough into a 20by14inch rectangle. arrange the beef and cheese mixture evenly on one half of the dough, starting on the shorter end and leaving a 1inch border on the sides. drizzle 2 tablespoons ketchup evenly over the beef mixture and the uncovered half of the dough repeat with all the mustard, and then the red onion. lay down the remaining cheese slices evenly over the half of the dough with no beef mixture, leaving a 1inch border on the sides. arrange the bacon pieces and 24 dill pickle chips just over the beef mixture., working from the short side with the beef mixture, tightly roll up the dough into a log, jellyroll style. pinch the open ends together to seal, then tuck them underneath the log. transfer the log, seam sidedown, to the prepared baking sheet, brush all over with water and sprinkle with sesame seeds. bake, rotating the pan halfway through, until the bread is golden brown, about 40 minutes., while the bread bakes, whisk together the mayonnaise, onion flakes, sugar, a pinch of salt and pepper and the remaining 3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill pickle chips and 1 teaspoon pickle brine in a small bowl. taste, and season the special sauce with additional salt if needed. let the bread cool for 10 minutes. slice into 8 pieces and serve warm with the special sauce.combine the water, worcestershire and steak sauce in an electric mixer. slowly add the cumin, onion powder, black pepper, garlic and allpurpose seasoning and mix for 1 to 2 minutes. combine with the ground beef., form the mixture into patties and first grill and then sear the patties. top the patties with bacon, grilled onions and cheddar cheese slices cover and cook until cheese melts. place buns butteredside down on griddle to toast. fill buns with patties. serve with fries that are topped with jimmys wrigleyville grill san antonio chili and cheese sauce., heat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. add the beef and cook until browned, about 7 minutes. add the onions, garlic, and jalapeno peppers reduce heat to medium and stir in the chili powder, cumin, thyme, and brown sugar. cook 10 minutes. add the crushed tomatoes and ground tomatoes. puree half the beans and add them to the chili along with the remaining whole beans. bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer 1 12 hours.preheat oven to 375 degrees f. stir together the ketchup, mayonnaise, chopped pickles and mustard in a medium bowl. set aside., cook the bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until golden and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes per side. drain all but 1 tablespoon of bacon drippings from the skillet. add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. add in the ground beef, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon and scraping up any brown bits in the pan, until golden brown in spots and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. transfer to a medium bowl and let cool slightly, about 15 minutes. stir in 34 cup of the ketchup sauce., coat the back of a baking sheet with cooking spray. unroll both cans of crescent dough and separate unto 16 triangles. put a 5inch ramekin in the center of the prepared baking sheet. arrange the triangles in a ring around the ramekin so the short sides of the dough are touching the ramekin, overlapping slightly, and the pointed ends are facing outward it should look like a giant sun., spoon the beef mixture over the short ends of the triangles closest to the ramekin. cover the beef with the cheese slices. top the cheese with the pickle slices. remove the ramekin. take hold of the pointed end of one of the triangles and fold it up and over the filling, tucking the tip under the bottom edge of dough to secure the dough will not cover the filling completely but should cover the pickle slice. repeat with the remaining triangles there will be some gaps where you can see the beef mixture., bake until the dough is golden brown and the cheese is melted, about 25 minutes. brush the ring with butter and sprinkle on the sesame seeds. let cool for 15 minutes. use a spatula to slide the ring off the baking sheet onto a platter. serve with the remaining ketchup sauce.position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat oven to 500 degrees f., in a food processor, finely chop mushrooms, yellow onion and garlic., heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add beef and steak spice and cook, stirring and breaking up meat with a wooden spoon, for 8 minutes or until meat is no longer pink and no liquid remains in bottom of pan. add mushroom mixture and cook, stirring frequently, until mixture is fragrant and liquid is evaporated. transfer to a large bowl. stir in worcestershire sauce and season with salt and pepper., line a large about 11 16inch baking sheet with parchment paper, mist with cooking spray and sprinkle with cornmeal. stretch dough to fit sheet., mix tomato and bbq sauces together and spread in an even layer onto pizza dough. in a bowl, combine the cheddar and mozzarella, then sprinkle half the cheese mixture overtop the sauces. spread beef mixture over cheese. top with remaining cheeses, red onion, tomatoes and bacon., bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until crust is golden and cheese is golden brown., while pizza is baking, combine yogurt and mustard. to serve, slice pizza, drizzle with yogurt sauce and top with shredded lettuce.for the bacon jam cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp and the fat has rendered out. allow to cool, then chop the bacon., in the same pan with the bacon drippings, add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened. add the brown sugar, vinegar and thyme bring to a simmer. reduce the heat to low and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the mixture has thickened to a jamlike consistency, about 20 minutes. stir in the bacon remove from the heat., for the burger divide the beef into 4 equal portions and form into burger patties. sprinkle both sides of each patty with salt and pepper., heat the oil in a pan or griddle over high heat. cook the patties until golden brown and slightly charred on the first side, about 3 minutes. flip over the patties and cook until golden brown and slightly charred on the second side or to the desired degree of doneness, about 4 minutes for mediumrare. add 1 slice of american cheese and 1 slice of cheddar to the top of each patty during the last minute of cooking, then top the pan with a basting cover or tent the patties with aluminum foil to melt the cheese., coat the bottom of the buns with mayo. put the patties on the mayocoated buns and top with the arugula and bacon jam. sandwich the burger together with the tops of the buns and serve immediately.for the tenderloin begin by placing a large sheet of plastic wrap on a clean bench top use 2 overlapping sheets if you have to. in the center of the plastic, lay the bacon slices vertically, slightly overlapping one another, working from left to right. sprinkle the tenderloin with the salt and pepper. place the beef tenderloin horizontally across the strips of bacon along the bottom of the rectangle of bacon. roll up the plastic and bacon around the beef so it is wrapped tightly and evenly. twist the ends of plastic to tighten and form the meat into an even log shape. place in the refrigerator to firm up for 1 hour so the bacon sticks to the beef and the roast retains its nice even shape., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., set a large castiron pan or roaster over high heat and coat lightly with canola oil. remove the beef from the fridge and discard the plastic. place the roast seamside down in the pan and brown on all four sides, 4 to 5 minutes per side. when completely browned, place the whole pan in the oven and roast for about 30 minutes an instantread thermometer should register 135 degrees f for mediumrare. when done, remove from the oven and transfer the roast to a platter to rest before slicing into 12inchthick slices., for the peppercorn sauce set the pan used for the beef over medium heat. discard all but 2 to 3 tablespoons of fat from the pan, and then add the garlic and shallots. season with some salt and saute until caramelized, 2 to 3 minutes. then add the green peppercorns. mix well, and then remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the whiskey you can flambe if you like here by igniting the alcohol in the pan. return the pan to the heat and cook down until just about all the liquid has reduced before adding the beef stock and heavy cream. bring to a simmer and cook to allow flavors to meld, 2 to 3 minutes. remove from the heat and add the cold butter cubes, swirling as they dissolve. taste and, if needed, season with more salt. serve with the slices of bacon wrapped tenderloin.defrost spinach in microwave. wring spinach dry by nesting in kitchen towel and twisting towel over garbage bowl or sink until spinach has given off all of its liquid. place spinach in a medium mixing bowl. heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add oil and onion and saute the onion until soft, 5 minutes. add onion to spinach in bowl and return pan to stove top. turn off heat., add remaining ingredients to spinach bread crumbs, cheese, egg, nutmeg, salt and pepper. combine mixture with a fork, then form into 3inch patties. set aside., line bacon up on meatsafe cutting board a few inches apart. preheat a second skillet over high heat. reheat the spinach cakes skillet over medium high heat. season steaks with salt and pepper and set on bacon slices in the center of each slice. wrap bacon over steaks. place seam side down in pan and cook 2 minutes on each side. add 2 tablespoons oil to spinach cakes pan and set cakes in to cook. work in 2 batches if necessary. cook cakes 3 minutes on each side., reduce heat to medium under steaks after the first 2 minutes on each side. cook meat another 6 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally, for medium rare to medium well doneness., remove meat from the pan and let it rest. add 1 tablespoon of the butter and flour and cook together 1 minute. whisk in wine and deglaze pan. whisk in broth and thicken sauce 1 minute. add remaining tablespoon butter and remove skillet from heat., quarter tomatoes lengthwise., to serve, set the spinach cakes and steaks beside each other on 23 of serving plates and pour sauce evenly over steaks. scatter a quartered tomato next to spinach cakes on each plate. drizzle tomatoes with oil, season with salt and pepper and top with chopped chives. serve plates immediately.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and caramelized, about 30 minutes., heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick saute pan over high heat, add the potatoes, and cook until golden brown. stir in the onions, poblano, and 1 tablespoon of the ancho powder, season with salt and pepper, and cook until just warmed through, about 2 minutes., cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until browned and crisp, about 8 minutes. scoop out and transfer to a plate lined with paper towels to drain., lay out 8 of the tortillas on a work surface. divide the hash browns, bacon, and cheese among the tortillas. stack half of the tortillas on top of the remaining topped ones to create 4 double stacks. top each with one of the remaining 4 tortillas. brush the tops with a little oil and sprinkle with the remaining 2 teaspoons ancho powder., transfer the quesadillas to a large baking sheet and bake until golden brown and the cheese has melted, 8 to 10 minutes., when the quesadillas are nearly ready, melt the butter in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. carefully crack the eggs into the pan, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, about 2 minutes., top each quesadilla with a fried egg, some of the tomato salsa, and a sprinkling of chives., combine all of the ingredients in a bowl and let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes before serving.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., shape the beef into 4 patties, each about 5inches in diameter. sprinkle the outside of the patties generously with salt and pepper and set aside., lay the bacon in a large nonstick skillet and cook over medium heat, until brown and crispy, about 4 minutes per side. transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain. pour off and reserve all but about 1 tablespoon of the bacon drippings and increase the heat to mediumhigh., add the burgers to the skillet, and cook until well browned on the outside and mediumrare on the inside, about 4 minutes per side. transfer the cooked burgers to a rimmed baking sheet and top each with a slice of cheese. brush the insides of the buns with the melted butter and put on a second baking sheet buttered sideup. bake until the cheese melts, about 3 minutes and the buns are lightly toasted, about 10 minutes., meanwhile, wipe out the skillet. heat 1 tablespoon of the reserved bacon drippings over mediumhigh heat. break the eggs into the skillet and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny, about 5 minutes. season with salt and pepper., put a burger patty on each of the bottom buns and top each with 2 slices of bacon and a fried egg. spread the top bun with some of the spicy ketchup and put on top of the burger.preheat grill to medium., in a bowl combine beef, garlic, hot sauce, salt and pepper, to taste, being careful not to over mix. warm a skillet over medium heat and fry bacon until crispy. remove to a paper towellined plate to drain. keep heat on skillet and fry a pinch of the beef in the bacon fat to test seasoning. adjust seasoning, if needed, then form 8 even thin patties, about 12inch thick and set aside. saute onions in bacon fat in skillet until tender, 5 minutes. place onions and bacon in a bowl with cheese. form a spoonful of baconcheese mixture into a ball, then place in the center of 4 patties. top each with another patty and seal the edges. grill burgers over mediumhigh heat, flipping once until desired doneness is reached, approximately 4 minutes each side for medium. serve in buns with garnishes. alternative in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, sear the burgers 4 minutes on each side.preheat grill to medium., in a bowl combine beef, garlic, hot sauce, salt and pepper, to taste, being careful not to over mix. warm a skillet over medium heat and fry bacon until crispy. remove to a paper towellined plate to drain. keep heat on skillet and fry a pinch of the beef in the bacon fat to test seasoning. adjust seasoning, if needed, then form 8 even thin patties, about 12inch thick and set aside. saute onions in bacon fat in skillet until tender, 5 minutes. place onions and bacon in a bowl with cheese. form a spoonful of baconcheese mixture into a ball, then place in the center of 4 patties. top each with another patty and seal the edges. grill burgers over mediumhigh heat, flipping once until desired doneness is reached, approximately 4 minutes each side for medium. serve in buns with garnishes. alternative in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, sear the burgers 4 minutes on each side.preheat oven to 400 degrees f., cook bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat, until crispy and fat renders, about 10 minutes. remove bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate, reserving renderings in the skillet. cook the onions and garlic in the pan drippings until brown, about 15 minutes. let cool., meanwhile, in a large bowl whisk the eggs, mustard, hot sauce, worcestershire, cream, salt, and pepper. add the meat, cheese, parsley, and cooked onion. chop and add the bacon. mix with a fork until evenly blended. whisk the glaze ingredients together in a bowl., dampen hands with water and on a foillined cookie sheet, pat mixture into a loaf shape. bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers 155 degrees f, about 1 hour. spread the glaze onto the meatloaf after about 50 minutes. let loaf rest for at least 10 minutes before serving.combine the cheese and bacon in a bowl., put the ground chuck in another bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper mix with a rubber spatula. flatten a quarter of the meat mixture in the palm of your hand. squeeze together about a tablespoon of the cheese and bacon mixture to make a little nugget place in the center of the patty. bring up the sides of the patty over the filling, making sure the cheese is completely covered flatten slightly to shape. repeat with the remaining meat and filling. set the patties sidebyside on a platter and refrigerate while preparing the grill., place a large grill pan covering two burners over mediumhigh heat, or preheat an outdoor barbecue until very hot. brush the grates with oil. grill the burgers for 8 minutes per side for medium. transfer to a clean plate., rub the grill grates with more oil. grill the buns cutside down for 1 minute to toast., serve the burgers with your favorite condiments and garnishes.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., generously salt and pepper both sides of the steak. wrap the steak with the bacon and secure with a toothpick., heat an ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the butter and olive oil. when melted, add the steak to the skillet and sear on both sides until a really nice color, about 1 minute per side., remove the skillet from the stovetop and place into the oven to finish cooking. cook until medium rare, 7 to 10 minutes. remove from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before serving.place a 4gallon saucepan over medium heat. add the vegetable oil and heat. add the sausage and cook until it sizzles and curls. next, add the trinity celery, peppers and onions and cook until golden brown. then add the braised pork and cook 15 minutes, stirring somewhat frequently every other minute or so., add the chicken, stir and cook for another 10 minutes. add the blackeyed peas and cook another 10 minutes. then add the stock and bring to a simmer. add the fresh herbs and salt, black pepper, garlic and cayenne pepper. add the rice, bring to simmer, cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the rice is soft, about 30 minutes. yea you right...you got some bad barts black jambalayapreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat., mix together the beef and chorizo, sprinkling with salt and pepper. form 4 patties, each around 6 ounces., blend the jalapeno with the mayonnaise to make a jalapeno aioli. transfer to a bowl and set aside., make a pico de gallo by combining the tomatoes, red onion, cilantro, lime juice, salt, pepper and cayenne to taste., grill the burgers until well done, around 5 minutes per side. top each with a slice of pepper jack cheese. grill the buns., build the burgers by spreading a layer of jalapeno aioli on the bottom bun, followed by a slice of lettuce, the burger, some pico de gallo and finally the top bun with more aioli.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. spray a 9 by 13 by 2inch casserole dish with cooking spray., in a large saucepan, brown the ground beef, onions and bell peppers. add the pork and beans, barbecue sauce, ketchup, mustard, worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and brown sugar to the mixture. simmer for 5 minutes. transfer the mixture to the prepared casserole dish. sprinkle the bacon over the top of the casserole. cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake for 45 minutes. remove the foil and continue to bake for an additional 10 minutes. let the casserole stand for 10 minutes before serving.heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the bacon, cook until browned, and remove with slotted spoon. add the beef, brown well, and then add the potatoes, onions, chiles, carrot, garlic, chile powder, and bay leaf. season the mixture liberally with salt and pepper, and cook 10 minutes more, stirring frequently., add the beer and stir about 2 minutes, or until the beer almost cooks out completely. stir in the stock, thick worcestershire sauce, baked beans, and tomatoes, and thicken to desired consistency, about 20 to 45 minutes over a steady simmer for loose to superthick chili. cool and store for makeahead meal., reheat over medium heat with a little water, if necessary, to loosen up the chili, so it will heat through without scorching. serve in shallow bowls topped with green onions.for the tomato sauce, preheat oven to 350 degrees f., add oil to large skillet over high heat. add ground beef and saute, breaking up the meat into crumbles as it cooks. add garlic, oregano and chili flakes and cook a couple minutes. add tomatoes and season, to taste, with sugar, salt and pepper. simmer for 10 minutes., for the bechamel, in a large saucepan melt butter over mediumhigh heat until bubbling. add onions and saute until translucent. sprinkle with flour, stirring constantly and cook until the mixture begins to thicken. gradually whisk in the wine, if using, and then gradually whisk in the milk and nutmeg and cook until smooth, thick and creamy. combine the meat sauce and pasta, and then pour in half the pasta mixture. spoon half the bechamel over the pasta and top with half the cheese. repeat with the remaining ingredients. bake 30 to 45 minutes until browned and bubbly.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., grease a baking dish with nonstick spray. arrange the fish fillets in the prepared baking dish to cover the bottom. in a bowl, combine the bread crumbs with melted butter, crabmeat, and artichokes. slice the tomato thinly and arrange the slices over the fish. spread the cheese over the tomatoes. top with the buttered crumb mixture. bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fish is white and flaky.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., grease a baking dish with nonstick spray. arrange the fish fillets in the prepared baking dish to cover the bottom. in a bowl, combine the bread crumbs with melted butter, crabmeat, and artichokes. slice the tomato thinly and arrange the slices over the fish. spread the cheese over the tomatoes. top with the buttered crumb mixture. bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fish is white and flaky.1. to make the sauce heat 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the beef, garlic, salt to taste, and the pepper and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until the beef is browned. set aside., 2. heat the rest of the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. add the onion and cook, stirring a bit, until soft. stir in all of the tomato products. fill the tomato puree can with hot water, and stir in the beef and chicken base to dissolve. add the mixture to the saucepan along with the parmesan, steak seasoning, garlic salt, basil, and parsley, and bring to a simmer., 3. add the beef to the sauce, reduce the heat to low, and simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. taste and add salt, if necessary., 4. to make the baked pasta preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. lightly oil a 10inch deepdish pie plate., 5. toss the cooked pasta with 2 cups of the meat sauce and 112 cups each of the mozzarella and cheddar cheeses. mound the mixture in the pie dish and top with the rest of the meat sauce and the mozzarella and cheddar. place the pie dish on a baking sheet, and bake until bubbling and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. top with the parmesan cheese and serve hot.saute onions, bell peppers and mushrooms in olive oil until tender. add garlic about halfway through saute. work the steak sauce through the raw ground beef. remove vegetables from pan and set aside. add ground beef to the pan and brown beef with 12 tablespoon of oregano, black pepper, and 12teaspoon salt. drain the fat from the pan. add the vegetables back to the pan with the beef. add tomato sauce, tomato paste and 1 12 cans diced tomatoes. these may or may not be needed, the recipe is somewhat imprecise., gradually add the remaining oregano and the wine, stirring occasionally. simmer for 25 minutes. add pinch of sugar. add cooked spaghetti noodles and mix thoroughly. pour 12 of the spaghetti mixture into a greased baking pan. top with sliced cheddar cheese. add remaining spaghetti mixture and top with mozzarella and parmesan. if the pepperoni is low fat, it can be added on top of the cheese at this time. if not, it should be cooked in the microwave for 2 minutes, on a paper towel, until the grease runs out, then added 5 minutes before the spaghetti is ready to come out of the oven. bake 20 minutes at 375 degrees f.preheat oven to 350 degrees f. saute onion in butter and olive oil until golden, then add garlic. cook garlic with onion for 2 minutes. add rice and saute for 3 to 4 minutes until rice is lightly golden. add stock and stir well and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. all this must be done in an oven proof skillet. put on lid and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. when cooking time is done turn off heat and leave rice in oven until ready to serve.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. butter the bottom of a 13by9inch baking dish., stir together the melted butter, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, dried garlic, dried onion and 1 teaspoon salt., without separating into individual rolls, slice the top half of the bread off the bottom. place the bottom portion of the rolls in the prepared baking dish. layer the shaved roast beef on top, then the crispy onions, then a layer of provolone, then top with layer of pickles. place the top section of the rolls on the sandwich stacks. stir the spiced butter and then liberally brush over the tops of the rolls until entirely coated., bake, uncovered, until the cheese is ooey gooey and the tops of the rolls are golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. cut into sliders with a large chefs knife.preheat oven to 425 degrees f., toss scallops with melted butter, garlic, shallots, nutmeg, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. transfer to shallow casserole dish. combine extravirgin olive oil and bread crumbs. scatter bread crumbs over scallops and place in the casserole. bake scallops 10 to 12 minutes or until bread crumbs are deep golden and scallops are opaque., heat a small skillet over medium to medium high heat. coat pan with oil and butter and add room temperature fillet of beef steaks. meat will sear in hot pan. cook beef 4 minutes on each side for medium. season meat with grill seasoning or coarse salt and pepper once meat is fully cooked so the salt will not draw out juices prematurely. let meat rest 5 minutes for juices to redistribute. return pan to heat and deglaze, using liquid to combine any pan drippings. add madeira, reduce by half, and add tarragon to the pan. set aside., steam asparagus tips in 14 inch boiling water for 3 minutes and drain. return tips to warm pan and combine with drained artichoke hearts, olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper. heat mixture through and remove from stove., to serve, place steaks on buttered toast and drizzle with madeira sauce. gently transfer 4 baked scallops to platters and finish plates with lemon dressed artichoke hearts and asparagus tips. edible flowers make a delicate, colorful garnish.combine first 11 ingredients in a stock pot. bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer for 1 hour covered. combine ground beef, chicken, sausage in a saucepan. cook until done and add to tomato mixture. simmer for another 20 minutes., layer bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch pan with sauce. add a layer of angel hair, pinch cream cheese over pasta, place a single layer of swiss cheese, then 12 of cheddar and jack cheese, repeat layers ending with sauce. bake in a 350 degree oven for 30 minutes. top with remaining cheese. return to oven and continue to cook until cheese is melted. cut into squares before serving.bring a large pot of salted water to a boil., heat a second large pot over mediumhigh heat. add the beef, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring to break the meat up, until browned, about 4 minutes. add the onions, bell peppers, garlic and a generous pinch of salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes. stir in the crushed and diced tomatoes, sugar and oregano and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 30 minutes., meanwhile, cook the spaghetti for 2 minutes less than the time indicated in the package directions. strain well. preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., cover the bottom of a 13by9by2inch pan with a third of the sauce. add half the pasta and a third of the cheddar repeat the layers and add the last of the sauce reserve the last of the cheddar., bake for 30 minutes. top with the remaining cheddar and continue baking until it melts and the sauce bubbles, about 5 more minutes. let cool in the dish for at least 10 minutes. garnish with the parsley before cutting into squares.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. grease a 9by13by2inch baking dish with cooking spray., in a large skillet, cook the bacon until slightly crisp. with a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate to drain. saute the garlic, onion and bell pepper in the bacon drippings until tender. add the tomatoes, olives, oregano, bacon and the cooked ground beef and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes., place half of the spaghetti in the prepared baking dish top with half of the vegetablebeef mixture and sprinkle with 1 cup of the cheddar. repeat the layers. in a bowl, stir together the cream of mushroom soup and 14 cup water until smooth, and pour this over the casserole. sprinkle with the parmesan and bake, uncovered, for 30 to 35 minutes, or until heated through.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., in a stockpot, combine the tomatoes, tomato sauce, water, onions, peppers, garlic, parsley, seasoning mixtures, sugar, and bay leaves. bring to a boil over high heat, and then reduce the heat and let simmer, covered, for 1 hour. crumble the ground beef in a large skillet. cook over mediumhigh heat until fully cooked, with no pink color remaining. drain the fat from the meat, and then add the ground beef to the stockpot. simmer for 20 more minutes. cook the pasta according to the package directions. cover the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch pan with sauce. add a layer of pasta and then a little less than 12 of each cheese repeat the layers, ending with the sauce. bake in the oven for 30 minutes. top the casserole with the remaining cheese, return it to the oven, and continue to cook until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 5 more minutes. cut into squares before serving., mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., yield 1 12 cups, preparation tine 15 minutes, cooking time 20 minutes, ease of preparation easypreheat the oven to 350 degrees f., in a stockpot, combine the tomatoes, tomato sauce, water, onions, peppers, garlic, parsley, seasoning mixtures, sugar, and bay leaves. bring to a boil over high heat, and then reduce the heat and let simmer, covered, for 1 hour. crumble the ground beef in a large skillet. cook over mediumhigh heat until fully cooked, with no pink color remaining. drain the fat from the meat, and then add the ground beef to the stockpot. simmer for 20 more minutes. cook the pasta according to the package directions. cover the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2inch pan with sauce. add a layer of pasta and then a little less than 12 of each cheese repeat the layers, ending with the sauce. bake in the oven for 30 minutes. top the casserole with the remaining cheese, return it to the oven, and continue to cook until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 5 more minutes. cut into squares before serving., mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., yield 1 12 cupsfor the mac and cheese in a pot of boiling salted water, cook the pasta until al dente drain., set an extralarge skillet, or a large heavy saucepan, over mediumlow heat and cook the bacon until crispy and the fat renders out, 10 to 12 minutes. set the bacon aside, reserving the fat to build your sauce. at this point you should have about 14 cup of reserved fat. if needed, add some olive oil or butter to make sure you have a 14 cup of fat in the pan., add the flour and cook, whisking constantly, until the paste bubbles a bit, about 2 minutes make sure it doesnt brown. continuing to whisk, add 3 cups of the hot milk and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. season with salt and pepper. bring the sauce to a boil, reduce the heat to low and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. stir in the dry mustard, and then gradually add the cheddar and muenster cheeses, stirring constantly until all of the cheese has melted into the sauce. stir in the hot sauce and the remaining 1 cup milk. add the cooked pasta to the sauce and stir to coat. stir in the crispy bacon and season with salt and pepper. youll need 1 to 2 cups of mac and cheese for the tomatoes., for the baked tomatoes set your oven rack to the middle position and preheat your oven to broil., using a paring knife, remove the tops of your tomatoes the stem end, and then carefully hollow each one out with a spoon. you want to create a bowl, while removing all the seeds and some of the flesh, leaving about 12inch of flesh in each tomato., season the inside of the tomatoes with salt and pepper. then stuff each one with as much mac and cheese as you can, 14 to 12 cup., mix the panko, parmesan and parsley together, and season with salt and pepper. pile some of the breadcrumb topping onto each tomato. each one will accommodate about 2 tablespoons of the topping. now, drizzle the breadcrumbs with olive oil, so the panko browns up nicely., broil the tomatoes until the breadcrumb topping is golden brown and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes.heat the olive oil in a pot over medium heat. add the garlic and onions and saute until starting to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. add the ground beef and sausage and cook until browned. drain off almost all of the fat, leaving a bit behind for flavor and moisture. add the tomato sauce, tomatoes, italian seasoning, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper. stir, bring to a simmer and simmer for 25 to 30 minutes. remove 3 to 4 cups of the cooked sauce to a bowl to cool down., bring a large pot of water to a boil and add some salt. cook the ziti until not quite al dente., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., in a bowl, mix 2 cups of the grated mozzarella, the ricotta, parmesan, parsley, eggs and some salt and pepper. stir together just a couple of times do not mix completely., drain the pasta and rinse under cool water to stop the cooking and cool it down. pour it into the bowl with the cheese mixture and toss to slightly combine there should still be large lumps. add the cooled reserved meat sauce and toss to combine., add half the coated pasta to a large casserole dish or lasagna dish. spoon half of the remaining sauce over the top, then top with half the remaining mozzarella. repeat with another layer of the coated pasta and the remaining sauce and mozzarella., bake until bubbling, about 20 minutes. let stand 5 minutes before sprinkling with chopped parsley to serve.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., in a large bowl, combine bread crumbs, eggs, milk, 12 cup of the romano and the parsley, and mix well. season with salt and pepper. add beef and gently combine, being careful not to overwork the meat. shape into bitesize meatballs. roll each meatball in flour to coat, shaking off excess., in a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. add pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. drain pasta in a colander and set aside. if not using immediately, cover top with plastic wrap so that pasta does not dry out. do not rinse pasta with water since you want to retain the pastas natural starches so that the sauce will cling to the ziti., in a large skillet heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. when almost smoking, add meatballs in batches and without moving or turning the meat, allow it to brown for about 3 minutes. turn meatballs and brown other side. continue to cook until all sides are golden brown. remove meatballs to a plate., in a large bowl, combine the tomato sauce and ricotta and mix well. add the cooked ziti and meatballs and toss gently., in a large greased baking dish, pour in pasta mixture. sprinkle the mozzarella, parmesan, and remaining romano all over the top. dot with the butter. place baking dish on top of baking sheet covered with aluminum foil to collect any drippings from the dish. bake until top is golden brown and bubbly, about 30 to 40 minutes.1combine marinade ingredients in small bowl. place beef steak and marinade in foodsafe plastic bag turn steak to coat. close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 6 hours or as long as overnight, turning occasionally. 2remove steak from marinade discard marinade. place steak on grid over medium, ashcovered coals. grill, covered, 11 to 16 minutes over medium heat on preheated gas grill, 16 to 21 minutes for medium rare 145f to medium 160f doneness, turning occasionally. 3season steak with salt and pepper, as desired. carve steak crosswise into thin slices.for the balsamic marinated roast beef put the balsamic vinegar, chopped garlic and black pepper in a small saute pan over medium to high heat and reduce for 1 to 2 minutes. remove the pan from the heat, stir in the chopped rosemary and olive oil, and allow the mixture to cool., put the marinade in a baking pan, put the beef in the pan and coat with hands. put in the refrigerator to marinate for a minimum of 30 minutes, maximum 24 hours., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f and remove the marinated beef from the refrigerator. put the beef in the oven and roast for approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour, until cooked to mediumrare and an instant thermometer inserted in the center of the roast has an internal temperature between 130 and 140 degrees f., remove the beef from the oven and allow the beef to rest before slicing., for the mashed potatoes cook the potatoes in enough heavily salted water to cover, until tender. drain the potatoes, reserving 3 tablespoons of the water. put the potatoes back into the hot pot and using a potato ricer, rice the potatoes or mash., put the butter, olive oil, and reserved potato water in the pot with the potatoes. season the potatoes with salt. gently fold the ingredients together until incorporated. taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary., for the baked camembert and herb oil preheat the oven to 350 degrees f and line a baking dish or ovenproof saute pan with parchment paper., put the thyme, marjoram, rosemary, black pepper, and olive oil in a bowl and mix to incorporate., put the bottom half of the camembert on parchment paper. spoon 1 tablespoon herb oil in the center of camembert, place the top half on top and pour 1 tablespoon herb oil over top. place the camembert in the oven until the cheese has melted, approximately 10 minutes., for the sauteed mushrooms put the remaining herb oil and butter in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. put the mushrooms in the hot pan and saute until slightly caramelized. season with salt and pepper, and then remove from the heat., to assemble to serve, place the roast beef and mashed potatoes on a warm plate and spoon the sauteed mushrooms and baked camembert over the meat and potatoes.preheat the oven to 500 degrees f. line a sheet pan with aluminum foil., place the beef on the sheet pan. combine the mustard, vinegar, and salt in a small bowl. spread the mixture on the filet and brush it evenly over the top and sides. sprinkle the cracked pepper evenly all over the meat., roast the filet for 30 minutes exactly for mediumrare 25 minutes for rare and 35 minutes for medium. remove the pan from the oven, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and allow the beef to rest on the pan for 10 minutes. slice and serve hot or warm., note this recipe was doubled for this episode.heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. season the steaks with salt and pepper. when the pan is hot, add 1 tablespoon butter, swirling the pan to coat. add the steaks, sprinkle them with a pinch of sugar, and sear until golden brown on the bottom, about 4 minutes. flip and cook until golden on the other side, 2 more minutes. transfer to a cutting board and tent with foil., reduce the heat to medium and add 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet. add the garlic and cook 20 seconds. add the radicchio in batches, tossing until wilted. sprinkle with 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar and 12 teaspoon salt. add the sundried tomatoes and vinegar and cook until the vinegar evaporates slightly, about 1 minute. add the broth and cook until the radicchio is tender, about 2 minutes. stir in the basil. transfer the radicchio to plates using tongs. continue cooking the sauce until it thickens slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter., thinly slice the steak and add to the plates. drizzle with the sauce and top with more sundried tomatoes and basil.combine the spices for the meat in a resealable 1gallon plastic bag and shake to mix thoroughly. add 1 piece of meat, shake it around in the bag, remove it and repeat with the second piece of meat. add the first piece back to the bag, seal and marinate as long as you can in the refrigerator  24 to 48 hours is recommended. but if you cant wait, just go for it. it wont be as overthetop, but it will still be really good., make the sour creamhorseradish sauce in a medium bowl, combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, horseradish, garlic, sea salt, and pepper to taste. mix thoroughly and refrigerate for at least 4 hours., twenty minutes before you plan on grilling, remove the meat from the refrigerator and let it sit at room temperature. preheat a grill or a large grill pan to high., grill the meat for 10 to 15 minutes 7 12 minutes per side, or until desired doneness. its best at medium rare, about 140 degrees f or 145 degrees f. set the meat aside, cover and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes., slice the meat paperthin with a knife or a countertop deli slicer. divide the meat among 8 bread slices, spread some sour creamhorseradish sauce on each one, then add a few rings of onion slices and top with the rest of the bread.cut the leg of lamb into 4 even pieces., heat 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil in an 8quart stovetop pressure cooker over mediumhigh heat. sprinkle the lamb pieces and bones all over with salt and pepper. working in batches to not overcrowd the pot, sear the meat and bones in the hot oil until well browned on all sides. remove from the pot and set aside. pour off excess oil from the pot and then add the garlic, fennel, jalapenos, onions and red bell peppers. sweat for 2 to 3 minutes. add tomato paste cook for 2 minutes. deglaze with the beef stock and balsamic vinegar. add the seared lamb and bones back the pot, close the pressure cooker and cook on low heat until fork tender, 45 minutes., remove the lamb from the braising liquid and pull into large chunks. remove the bones from the pot, and discard. strain the braising liquid and then add it back to the pot. cook over medium heat until the liquid is reduced by half. turn off the heat, add the lamb back to the pot and spoon the reduced liquid over the top to glaze. keep warm until ready to serve.for the patties in a medium mixing bowl, combine the pork, beef and shrimp. do not over mix as this will cause the proteins to become sticky. portion into four 7ounce burger patties and refrigerate for 1 hour or until ready to use., for the banh mi marinade in a large mixing bowl, whisk the fish sauce and sugar until the sugar is dissolved. add the curry paste and whisk until its completely broken up. add the lime juice, ginger, turmeric, garlic, lemongrass, chile, shallot, lime leaves, basil and mint and mix well., for the curry aioli combine the mayo, sugar, fish sauce, lime juice, curry powder, ginger juice, sriracha and turmeric and whisk until smooth. set aside and chill., for the nuoc mam sauce in a mixing bowl, whisk the sugar and hot water until dissolved. add the fish sauce, vinegar, garlic and chile and mix well., to assemble preheat a grill to medium to mediumhigh heat. dip the patties into the banh mi marinade and grill to desired doneness. during the grilling process, continue to dip the patties in the marinade to form a flavorful crust on the outside of the patties., grill or toast the buns. next, grill the pork loaf slices about 2 minutes on each side., place a burger patty on the bottom bun followed by 2 slices pork loaf. add 1 teaspoon curry aioli, and then the carrots and daikon. finish with the lettuce and the top bun. repeat with the remaining ingredients. serve the nuoc mam on the side as a dipping sauce.preheat the oven to 350., make the butter remove the papery outer layer from the head of garlic and slice off the top to expose the cloves slightly. wrap the garlic in foil and roast in the oven until soft, about 45 minutes. cool slightly, then squeeze the roasted pulp into a bowl. whip with the butter, parsley, vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt set aside., remove the papery outer layer from the head of garlic and slice off the top to expose the cloves slightly. wrap the garlic in foil and roast in the oven until soft, about 45 minutes. cool slightly, then squeeze the roasted pulp into a bowl. whip with the butter, parsley, vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt set aside., make the burgers preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh. season the beef patties generously with salt and pepper and grill, about 3 minutes per side for mediumrare, turning once., move the burgers to the cooler side of the grill or reduce the heat on the stove and top each with some marinara sauce and 2 slices cheese. spread the cut sides of each roll with some of the garlic butter and place facedown on the grill. cover and cook until the cheese melts and the buns are toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. place a burger on each roll bottom add some chopped basil and the roll top. serve with more marinara sauce, if desired.make the chili in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat, stir together the barbecue sauce, kidney beans, black beans, chili seasoning, brown sugar and mustard. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally., meanwhile, make the hot dogs set up a grill or preheat a grill pan over medium heat. when ready to start cooking, brush the grates with vegetable oil. place the hot dogs on the hot oiled grill and cook, turning occasionally, for 10 minutes or until heated through. toast the buns on the grill, if desired. put the hot dogs in the buns and top with the chili. serve hot topped with the chopped onion.directions, season both sides of the brisket with dry rub and place in pan. mix the lemon juice and water, and pour over the brisket. let stand overnight in the refrigerator. remove the brisket from the pan, reserving the marinade. cook the brisket in a preheated 250degree oven, 1 hour per pound. baste with marinade and cover. continue to cook the brisket at 250 degrees for another 1 12 hours or until tender., mix all ingredients together and generously sprinkle on brisket prior to cooking.preheat a grill., mix the chicken, oats, egg, onion, garlic salt, oyster sauce and teriyaki sauce together in a small bowl. shape ground meat mixture into meat balls and press firmly onto lotus root slices. place on the grill and grill until well done.cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon set aside. pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings. add the onion to the skillet saute until soft, about 8 minutes. let cool., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. combine the bacon, onion, beef, panko, cheese, eggs, 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce and the parsley in a large bowl season with salt and pepper and mix with your hands until just combined., spray a 12cup muffin pan with cooking spray. pat the meat into each muffin cup to just below the top. spread 12 tablespoon barbecue sauce on each. bake until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. let cool in the pan., meanwhile, butter the buns and toast cutside down in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. sandwich the meatloaves on the buns top with pickles and serve with extra barbecue sauce., photography by johnny millermake the barbecue sauce heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until softened, about 4 minutes. add the chili powder and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 1 minute. stir in the ketchup, preserves, mustard, vinegar, soy sauce, worcestershire sauce and 12 cup water. bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. transfer to a blender and puree until smooth let cool to room temperature., make the burgers combine the ground beef and 3 tablespoons of the prepared barbecue sauce in a bowl mix with your hands until just combined. form the meat into six 12inchthick patties season both sides with salt and pepper., preheat a grill to medium. toss the onion with 1 tablespoon of the barbecue sauce and the vegetable oil. grill use a grill basket if you have one, turning occasionally, until lightly charred, about 8 minutes., transfer 12 cup of the remaining barbecue sauce to a separate bowl for brushing. increase the grill temperature to medium high and grill the patties, brushing with the barbecue sauce and flipping occasionally, about 8 minutes for medium rare top with the cheese during the last minute and cover to melt. toast the buns on the grill. serve the burgers on the buns top with the grilled onions, avocado slices and more barbecue sauce.in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the barbecue sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, hot sauce and worcestershire and bring to a boil. add the allpurpose meatballs and bring to a simmer. cover and cook until the meatballs are heated through, 8 to 10 minutes., spoon over mashed potatoes and sprinkle with parsley. serve with a green salad., to make the meatballs, combine the ground beef, breadcrumbs, milk, cream, parsley, mustard, salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes and eggs in a large mixing bowl. mix together well with your hands. scoop out 1tablespoon portions and roll them into balls with your hands. place the meatballs onto parchmentlined baking sheets and put the baking sheets in the freezer for 5 to 10 minutes for the meatballs to firm up., to brown the meatballs, heat the olive oil in a heavy pot or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the meatballs in batches, making sure not to overcrowd the pot. cook, turning the meatballs to make sure they brown all over, 5 to 7 minutes per batch. drain on paper towels., freezer instructions put the cooked meatballs in a single layer on baking sheets and put into the freezer. when frozen, divide them into freezer bags, 25 per bag, and return them to the freezer. yield 125 meatballs.directions, adjust the oven racks to fit a large dutch oven preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. rub the brisket with the paprika, 1 tablespoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. heat the oil in a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the brisket and sear well on all sides, about 10 minutes., meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together the ketchup, vinegar, molasses, brown sugar, mustard powder, bourbon, worcestershire, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 cup water. pour the barbecue sauce over the brisket., cover the dutch oven transfer to the oven and cook, undisturbed, until the meat is tender, 3 12 to 4 hours. transfer the brisket to a large bowl. meanwhile, skim excess fat from the sauce in the dutch oven and bring to a boil over medium heat on the stovetop. boil until the sauce is thickened you should have about 2 cups sauce, about 10 minutes. season with more vinegar, bourbon, and salt, if desired., pull the meat apart into large chunks and stir into about twothirds of the sauce. sandwich the meat on the potato rolls. serve with extra sauce on the side.trim any surface fat from the ribs. rub all surfaces of the meat generously with salt and pepper. put the ribs into a large baking dish that fits them all in a single layer. drizzle the vinegar over the ribs and turn them over so they have vinegar on both sides. let the ribs marinate, turning them occasionally at room temperature for up to 1 hour or in the refrigerator for up to 4 hours. this longer marinating time may make the surface of the ribs turns grayishwhite in spots. that is fine and the discoloration will disappear when they are grilled., heat a gas grill to mediumhigh or build a strong charcoal fire., grill the ribs, turning them once, until well browned, even charred here and there, about 6 minutes per side. the ribs should be just a touch rarer than mediumanything less and they will be very chewy. let them rest 4 to 5 minutes before serving., pull the husks from the tomatillos and wash them under cool water until they no longer feel sticky. cut them into quarters and put them into the work bowl of a food processor. add the onion and garlic and process until smooth. add the cilantro, jalapeno and lime juice and process until the jalapeno is finely chopped., scrape the mixture into a small saucepan. season lightly with salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is boiled off and the salsa looks relishy, about 15 minutes. cool before using. the sauce can be refrigerated for up to 1 week. if refrigerated, you may want to add a little salt andor lime juice to the salsa before serving.directions, for the stock place ham hocks in a stockpot large enough to hold them, leaving 4 inches of room at the top of the pot. cover with cold water. bring to a simmer over a medium flame. skim all the foam off the top. reduce heat to low and simmer, skimming occasionally for 8 to 10 hours. strain the stock carefully, as the hock meat will be falling off the bone. reserve the hock meat for other uses., for the ribs use a paring knife to peel the silver skin off the inside of the ribs. bring the ham hock stock, the vegetables and the cinnamon sticks to a simmer over a mediumlow flame. add the beef short ribs and simmer 20 minutes. add the spareribs and baby back ribs, then simmer 45 minutes to 1 hour longer, or until the ribs are very tender. carefully remove the ribs from the stock and season on both sides with salt and pepper while hot. save the stock to reduce for barbecue sauce for other uses. when the ribs come to room temperature, brush with your favorite barbecue sauce. refrigerate until barbecue time. preheat oven to 400 degrees or fire up your charcoal grill. cook the ribs, basting occasionally until the meat is hot and falling off the bone., this recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional. it has not been tested for home use., recipe courtesy of michel nischan, executive chef, heartbeat restaurant, nycpreheat oven to 275 degrees f., in a large dutch oven, heat oil over medium heat. saute the red pepper, onion and garlic until softened, about 2 minutes. add the baked beans and remaining ingredients and bring to a low simmer. cover the beans and place in the preheated oven. bake for 45 minutes., add all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months., in a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes.in a large saucepan over low heat stir together the barbeque sauce, beans, chili seasoning, brown sugar, and mustard. bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally., meanwhile, set up grill or indoor grill pan for direct cooking over medium heat. when ready to start cooking oil the grate. place hot dogs on the hot, oiled grill. cook for 10 minutes or until heated through, turning occasionally. toast buns on grill, if desired. place hot dogs in buns and top with chili. serve hot with chopped white onions. reserve leftover chili for round 2 quesadilla recipepreheat oven to 350 degrees f., mix together the beef, bread crumbs, onion, egg, salt, pepper, and 12 cup of the tomato sauce. form this mixture into a loaf and place it in a shallow pan. stir together the remaining tomato sauce, vinegar, sugar, mustard, worcestershire and the water if too thick. pour this sauce over the meatloaf. bake for 1 hour, basting every 15 minutes with the pan juices., cooks note try serving as a sandwich with mayonnaise.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., in a large bowl, combine first 9 ingredients. mix well with hands. shape into the size of walnuts and place in a single layer in a 13 by 9inch pan. pour neelys bbq sauce over meatballs and bake for 45 minutes. remove and serve with toothpicks as an appetizer., in a large saucepan, combine all the ingredients. bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. cooked uncovered, stirring frequently, for 2 hours.heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. remove the crust from 1 slice bread and tear the bread into 1inch pieces. add to the skillet along with the garlic and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. add the almonds and cook until golden, about 3 minutes. transfer to a mini food processor or blender along with the roasted peppers, vinegar, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon paprika and 14 teaspoon salt. pulse until slightly chunky., gently mix the ground meat, shallots, 1 teaspoon salt and the remaining 12 teaspoon paprika in a bowl with your hands until just combined. form into four 1inchthick patties., heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. brush with olive oil, then add the patties and cook until browned on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. flip and top the patties with cheese cook 4 to 5 more minutes. spread the roasted pepper sauce on the remaining 8 slices bread. serve the burgers on the bread with lettuce.cook rice in chicken stock, covered over a low flame until done, about 20 minutes., process veggies in food processor until the bits are about the same size as the rice. do in batches. mix with 2 eggs. fold into rice mixture. add ground meat and form into balls. if balls arent holding together well, add the third egg and mix again. put balls on skewers and grill until cooked through, or press into patties to cook on a stovetop.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment., combine the meatloaf mix, carrots, barley, parsley, scallions, eggs, onion, garlic, 14 cup of the ketchup, 1 tablespoon worcestershire, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. using your hands, mix together until well combined., transfer the mixture to the prepared baking sheet and form it into a compact ovalshaped loaf, about 9inches by 5inches. bake the meatloaf for 30 minutes., stir the brown sugar together with the remaining 14 cup ketchup and 1 teaspoon worcestershire in a small bowl for the glaze. remove the meatloaf from the oven and brush the top and sides all over with the glaze. return to the oven and bake until the glaze starts to caramelize and a thermometer inserted in the center of the meatloaf registers 160 degrees f, about 25 minutes more. let rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving. serve with a green salad if desired.make the bacon jam cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. remove to paper towels pour off all but 3 tablespoons drippings from the skillet. add the canola oil to the skillet and heat over low heat. add the onion cover and cook 10 minutes. uncover and cook, stirring occasionally, until very soft, 10 to 15 more minutes. return the bacon to the skillet add the white wine vinegar and thyme and season with salt and pepper. set aside., make the secret sauce pulse the mayonnaise, ketchup, sherry vinegar, sriracha and garlic in a food processor until smooth season with salt and pepper., make the burgers preheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with vegetable oil. form the beef into six 12inchthick patties season with salt and pepper. grill 5 minutes flip and brush with the mustard. grill 5 more minutes for medium rare, topping with the cheese in the last minute. spread the sauce on the bottom buns top with the burgers, bacon jam, pickles and top buns.place the veal shank and knucklebones in a roasting pan, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. roast in a preheated 350 degrees f oven for 45 minutes. when the veal pieces are brown, brush them with 3 tablespoons of tomato paste and season again. raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees f and return the pan to the oven for 15 more minutes. melt butter in a large stockpot over medium heat. saute the mirepoix vegetables and thyme in the butter to coat then stir in the remaining tomato paste and continue cooking until the vegetables are caramelized. pour in the red wine to deglaze, stir. transfer the browned bones to the stockpot. whisk in the water and broth. add the bouquet garni and bring the sauce to a boil. simmer gently for about 3 hours, skimming periodically. strain the sauce through cheesecloth or a chinois to remove the bones and vegetable solids. continue to cook for 1 hour more, skimming any foam that rises to the top, until the sauce is reduced to 2 cups and nicely thickened. taste for strength and seasoning. may whisk in a pat of softened butter to finish the sauce., serve with meats or poultry.preheat a grill over mediumhigh heat., gently toss together the chuck and sirloin in a large bowl, making sure not to overwork the mixture. form the beef into four 34inchthick patties, each about 4 inches in diameter. sprinkle evenly with 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper., lightly grease the grill grates. put the patties on the grill do not press down on them with a spatula. cook until the patties are seared and browned on one side, about 3 12 minutes. flip and cook on the second side until browned, about 3 minutes for mediumrare., assemble the burgers using your favorite buns and toppings and serve with french fries, if desired.pat roast dry and season with salt and pepper. in a dutch oven, heat the vegetable oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. add the roast and brown on all sides, about 15 minutes total. transfer the roast to a plate and pour out all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan. add the onions, carrots, and celery to the pan and cook over moderate heat, stirring until golden. place the roast back in the pan along with the bay leaves, thyme, and enough of the beef stock to come up 23 of the way up the beef. bring the pot roast to a simmer on top of the stove, skim, cover tightly, and set in the lower third of a 350 degree preheated oven. regulate heat so that the liquid remains at a gentle simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours, until the beef is tender. turn the roast over several times during its braising., transfer roast to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes, covered with aluminum foil to keep warm. skim off any fat from the surface of the liquid. strain the liquid. to thicken the sauce slightly, bring the liquid to a boil. for each cup of liquid, stir together 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon flour. whisk the butter mixture into the liquid. simmer, stirring constantly, until thickened. slice the pot roast and serve with the sauce and boiled new potatoes.heat the oil and butter in a large skillet, set over moderate heat until hot. add the onion, carrot, garlic, salt, and pepper and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until softened. add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. add the wine and reduce 1 minute. add the broth, thyme, and rosemary, and simmer, covered, 10 minutes., meanwhile combine cornstarcharrowroot with the liquid. add to simmering mixture and stir until thickened. off the heat, fold in the meatchicken, peas, corn, and parsley. correct seasoning, adding more salt and pepper, to taste. let cool. filling can be made one day ahead, covered and chilled. divide the mixture between 5 1 12cup individual baking dishes., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., on a lightly floured surface roll out the puff pastry 14inch thick and cut it into 6inch rounds. lightly brush the tops of the rounds with some of the egg wash, being careful to not brush the edges or the pastry will not puff. invert the rounds onto the baking dishes, pressing edges onto rims to secure. brush tops of pastry with additional egg wash. cut 3 small steam vents in the tops of the pastries., arrange baking dishes on a baking sheet and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until pastry is puffed and golden and filling is bubbling., serve with mixed baby greens salad with red and yellow pear tomatoes.for the beef, preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., roast the meat 15 minutes in a roasting pan. remove, and cool. thinly slice with a sharp knife., mix the oil, lemon zest and juice, and basil in a bowl. toss with the meat in a glass casserole. season the mixture with salt, and pepper, and spread the mixture out, cover, and refrigerate all day or overnight, turning once or twice. serve at room temperature., for the potatoes, bring a large pot of water to the boil. salt it, as you would for pasta. add the potatoes, and cook until tender when you test them with a fork. drain. toss the potatoes in olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, and serve., for the plate, plate some beef and potatoes side by side on a plate and enjoyfor the relish heat a charcoal or gas grill to mediumhigh for direct and indirect grilling., whisk together the vinegar, anchovy paste, oregano, garlic and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. slowly whisk in the olive oil and season with more salt and pepper if needed., brush the tomatoes, jalapeno and onion with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. grill the tomatoes until charred on both sides. remove, let cool slightly and dice. grill the onion until charred on both sides and slightly soft. remove, let cool and dice. grill the jalapeno until charred. remove, let cool slightly and chop do not seed or peel., add the tomatoes, onions, jalapeno, olives, capers, basil and parsley to the vinaigrette., for the halibut combine the canola oil, 12 cup of the basil and some salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth, about 1 minute. strain into a bowl. take about 14 cup of the basil oil and reserve in another bowl for the cooked fish., heat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. brush the halibut on both sides with the larger quantity of basil oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. grill the fish on both sides until slightly charred and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side., remove and immediately drizzle over some of the reserved basil oil. top with some of the puttanesca relish. garnish with the basil sprigs.in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. when the oil is warm, add the onion and saute until softened, about 3 minutes. add the garlic and saute 1 minute more. stir in the beef, cumin, curry, chili powder, allspice, thyme, cinnamon, and salt and pepper, to taste. saute, stirring often, until the beef has browned, about 10 minutes. add the corn and the cheddar and set aside to cool., preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., melt the butter with the sazon powder small pan over low heat. stir well to combine and reserve. working with 1 wrapper at a time, scoop 2 heaping tablespoons of the filling into the center of the wrapper. brush the edges of the dough with beaten egg, then fold the dough over to form a half moon, pressing out the air with your fingertips. use the tines of a fork to pinch and seal the edges, creating a border about 1inch wide. repeat with remaining filling and wrappers. transfer the patties to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. using a pastry brush, coat the tops of patties with the reserved sazon butter. bake according to dough package instructions, or until puffed and lightly browned, about 20 minutes.mix all seasoning in a large bowl. add short ribs and toss to coat evenly. allow to sit for one hour before smoking. build a hickory fire in grill on one side only. place the beef ribs on the grill on the opposite side of the fire and close off the air so the fire goes down. maintain a temperature of 275 degrees for 3 hours, basting with mop every 15 minutes for the last 45 minutes., mix all ingredients together.mix all seasoning in a large bowl. add short ribs and toss to coat evenly. allow to sit for one hour before smoking. build a hickory fire in grill on one side only. place the beef ribs on the grill on the opposite side of the fire and close off the air so the fire goes down. maintain a temperature of 275 degrees for 3 hours, basting with mop every 15 minutes for the last 45 minutes., mix all ingredients together.heat the oil in saucepot over mediumhigh heat, then add the bacon and render 2 minutes. add the carrots, celery, garlic, bay leaf and onions. partially cover and cook to soften the vegetables, 10 minutes. add the beans, tomatoes, parsley and consomme, and simmer over low heat to combine the flavors and thicken a bit, 15 to 20 minutes. season the sauce with salt and pepper., cool and store for a makeahead meal. reheat over mediumlow heat, adding stock or water to thin the sauce out if too thick., to serve, heat a pot of water to a boil. salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente. reserve a cup of the starchy cooking water just before draining pasta and add to the sauce. drain the pasta and combine with bean ragu. serve in shallow bowls with a drizzle of olive oil and top with grated cheese., bring a few inches of water to a boil. cut an x into the bottom of the tomatoes with a sharp pairing knife. once the water comes to a boil, simmer the tomatoes for 1 minute. place the tomatoes in an ice bath to cool and peel the skins away using the pairing knife.heat 12 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. pat the beef dry and season with salt and pepper. brown in batches, about 4 minutes, adding more oil as needed. transfer to a plate., reduce the heat to medium and add 1 12 tablespoons oil to the pot. add the onions and garlic cook, stirring, until golden, about 6 minutes. add 13 cup chili powder, the oregano and tomato paste cook, stirring, 30 seconds., return the meat to the pot and stir in the tomatoes with their juices, broth, espresso and pinto beans. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the beef is tender, about 2 hours., stir the remaining 2 tablespoons chili powder into the chili. divide among bowls. top with cheese, sour cream andor avocado., hot, this base recipe is relatively tame a lastminute hit of chili powder adds just a touch of heat., hotter, add 5 crumbled dried arbol chiles to the pot with the tomato paste, then continue as directed., hottest, add 5 crumbled dried arbol chiles with the tomato paste and continue as directed, omitting the beans. stir in 1 cup chopped pickled jalapenos before serving.put a deep heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. put in the beef, season with salt and pepper, and cook until it is well browned, about 1015 minutes. remove the meat to a bowl with a slotted spoon and discard the fat from the pan. pour half the broth into the pan and scrape up any browned bits., pour this into the bowl of a slow cooker. add the onions and put the meat on top. add the chili seasoning, red pepper flakes, cinnamon, jalapeno, and garlic., add the tomatoes with their juice and the remaining broth. cover and cook on low for 46 hours. taste, and adjust the seasoning. serve garnished with spiced sour cream.spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. in a medium mixing bowl, whisk the grated onion, garlic, egg, salt and pepper. add the ground beef and use your hands to gently mix until combined. divide the mixture evenly into 4 parts, then divide each into 2, to give you 8 total. form each into a thin patty and place onto the prepared baking sheet. the mixture will be wet and a bit sticky. refrigerate for 20 minutes., heat a griddle or large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the butter and sliced onions and cook, stirring every so often, until the onions have a nice sear to them, 4 to 5 minutes. set aside., wipe the griddle clean and return to mediumhigh heat. put the patties on the griddle, working in batches if necessary. spoon about 1 teaspoon mustard or squeeze directly from the bottle onto the top raw side of each patty. cook about 3 minutes, then flip and cook an additional 3 minutes. top each with a slice of american cheese., spread some special sauce on each bottom bun, then add lettuce, 1 patty, some onions, a second patty, tomatoes, pickles, more sauce and a top bun., combine the mayonnaise, mustard, relish, ketchup, vinegar, garlic powder, onion powder and paprika in a medium bowl and whisk until well blended.heat oil in a large stock pot over mediumhigh heat. add onions, celery and carrots. saute for 5 to 7 minutes. move vegetables to the sides brown all sides of chuck roast. add wine, garlic, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf, salt and pepper.cover and simmer 212 to 3 hours, until meat is fork tender.place roast on serving platter cover and keep warm. puree vegetables and cooking liquid in a blender until smooth. season with additional salt and pepper, if necessary. add freshly ground nutmeg. serve with the roast.recipe note for a thicker pan sauce, dissolve 1 tablespoon corn starch in 2 tablespoons cold water. return pureed juices to pan and add corn starch mixture. bring to a boil and heat for 1 minute.heat the olive oil in a large pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the ground beef and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 3 minutes. add the onion, poblano and garlic cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. stir in the chili powder, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. cook, stirring, until combined, about 1 minute., add the tomatoes and the beans and their liquid to the pot bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the liquid is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes., stir the squash into the pot. partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the squash is tender and the chili thickens slightly, about 10 minutes add up to 12 cup water if the chili is too thick. season with salt. top each serving of chili with the avocado and some cilantro.in a nonmetallic bowl, combine 34 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons pepper and 2 tablespoons worcestershire sauce. add the ribeye steak and let marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour., cook the bacon in a large saute pan, over medium low heat to slowly render the fat. when crisp, remove to a paper towel lined plate, reserving the fat in the pan., remove the beef from the marinade, pat dry and add to the pan with the bacon fat. cook over mediumhigh heat, browning the meat on all sides. remove the meat from the pan, to a plate. add extra oil, if necessary, to amount to 2 to 3 tablespoons of total fat in the pan. add the carrots, parsnips, and the frozen onions. cook until the onions are light brown, approximately 10 minutes., add the flour to the vegetable mixture to make a roux. when the roux begins to brown, add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. deglaze with the remaining red wine and stir in the beef broth. reduce over medium heat for 10 minutes. add the browned beef, cooked bacon, thyme, parsley and oregano. adjust seasonings, to taste, with remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and fresh cracked pepper. transfer to a serving dish, garnish with parmesan and fried onions and serve immediately.heat a large castiron skillet or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the chiles and cook, pressing them down with a spatula, 10 seconds per side transfer to a plate. add the tomatoes, onion and garlic to the skillet and cook, stirring once or twice, until the vegetables are charred in spots, about 10 minutes., peel the garlic and transfer to a blender along with the tomatoes and onion reserve the skillet. tear the chiles into pieces and add to the blender along with 12 cup water and 1 teaspoon salt pulse until smooth. strain the mixture through a finemesh sieve into the skillet, pressing it through with the back of a spoon., add the beef to the skillet and turn to coat in the chile sauce using tongs. cook over mediumhigh heat, turning occasionally, until a crust starts to form on the meat, about 10 minutes. sprinkle in the cumin, cinnamon and cayenne pepper and cook 1 more minute. meanwhile, puree 2 12 cups water, the cilantro and thyme in the blender add to the skillet along with the bay leaves., reduce the heat to low. cover and gently simmer until the meat is very tender, about 2 hours, adding up to 1 12 cups water if the sauce gets too thick. remove the bay leaves and season with salt and black pepper. serve in tortillas with assorted toppings.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., place the bacon in a dutch oven or stockpot and cook, stirring, over mediumhigh heat until the fat begins to render, about 3 minutes. add the beef and cook, stirring, until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. remove the meat from the pan with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels., to the fat in the pan, add the onions and carrots, and stir to coat. cook until soft, about 4 minutes. add the garlic, oregano, dill seeds, and bay leaves and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. add the red wine vinegar and stir to deglaze the pan. return the meat to the pot and add the water, salt, and pepper and bring to boil. reduce the heat and simmer partially covered until the beef is tender, about 2 hours., meanwhile, place the beets on a baking sheet and brush with the oil. roast until tender and can be pierced easily with a knife, about 1 hour. remove from the oven and let sit until cool enough to handle. trim the stem and root ends and remove the skins. coarsely grate and set aside., when the meat is tender and falling apart, add the beets, potatoes, and cabbage. simmer over low heat for another 30 minutes. season with additional red wine vinegar, salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste., ladle borscht into bowls and garnish with a dollop of sour cream and pinch of fresh dill.heat the oil in a large dutch oven or heavy pot with a lid. season the meat all over with house seasoning and sear in a single layer. remove the beef to a plate and add the green bell pepper, onion and celery to the pot and saute until softened. return the beef back to the pot and add the bourbon, diced tomatoes and enough stock to cover the beef. bring up to a boil and then lower to a simmer with the lid on ajar. simmer for 2 hours or until beef is very tender. then add the corn, green beans and red potatoes. simmer 10 to 20 minutes until the vegetables are tender. season, to taste, with salt and pepper., mix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months.preheat the oven to 250 degrees f., heat the olive oil in a large dutch oven. add the bacon and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the bacon is lightly browned. remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a large plate., dry the beef cubes with paper towels and then sprinkle them with salt and pepper. in batches in single layers, sear the beef in the hot oil for 3 to 5 minutes, turning to brown on all sides. remove the seared cubes to the plate with the bacon and continue searing until all the beef is browned. set aside., toss the carrots, and onions, 1 tablespoon of salt and 2 teaspoons of pepper in the fat in the pan and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onions are lightly browned. add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. add the cognac, stand back, and ignite with a match to burn off the alcohol. put the meat and bacon back into the pot with the juices. add the bottle of wine plus enough beef broth to almost cover the meat. add the tomato paste and thyme. bring to a simmer, cover the pot with a tightfitting lid and place it in the oven for about 1 14 hours or until the meat and vegetables are very tender when pierced with a fork., combine 2 tablespoons of butter and the flour with a fork and stir into the stew. add the frozen onions. saute the mushrooms in 2 tablespoons of butter for 10 minutes until lightly browned and then add to the stew. bring the stew to a boil on top of the stove, then lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. season to taste., to serve, toast the bread in the toaster or oven. rub each slice on 1 side with a cut clove of garlic. for each serving, spoon the stew over a slice of bread and sprinkle with parsley.put a large dutch oven over medium heat and drizzle in a 12count of oil. add the bacon and cook until crisp. remove it to a paper towel crumble when cool and set aside to use for the garnish. season the beef with a generous amount of salt and pepper. add the beef to the pot in batches. fry the cubes in the bacon fat until evenly browned on all sides, about 8 to 10 minutes. remove from the pot to a plate., add the tomato paste and flour to the pot and stir to combine. turn off the heat, pour in the cognac and stir to scrape up the flavorful bits in the bottom of the pan. turn the heat back on and light the cognac, with a long kitchen match. be careful and stand back as the alcohol flame dies down. whisk in the red wine and beef broth add the beef back into the pot along with the bouquet garni. stir everything together and bring the mixture to a simmer. cook until the liquid starts to thicken and has the consistency of a sauce this should take about 15 minutes. cover the pot, reduce the heat to low, and simmer for 1 hour., in a small skillet, over mediumlow, heat a little olive oil. add the garlic and mushrooms and cook until the mushrooms start to brown, about, about 4 to 5 minutes. add the pearl onions and cook until onions are heated through., uncover the pot and add the mushroom mixture along with the pinch of sugar to balance out the acid from the red wine. season with salt and pepper, to taste. turn the heat up slightly and simmer for 45 minutes longer, until the vegetables and meat are tender. remove the bouquet garni. transfer to a serving bowl and shower with chopped parsley and the reserved crumbled bacon before serving.preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., in a dutch oven, cook the bacon over mediumhigh heat until crisp remove to a plate with a slotted spoon, leaving the fat in the pot. season the beef with salt and pepper. working in batches, place the beef in the pot in a single layer, sear until dark brown on all sides and remove to a plate. reserve the fat in the pot., place the pot over medium heat and whisk the flour into the reserved fat. slowly whisk in the beef broth and bring to a simmer, stirring frequently, until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. return the beef and bacon to the pot., cut 2 large pieces of cheesecloth and lay them on a clean work surface to form a cross. pile the onion, carrots, garlic cloves, thyme, bay leaves, peppercorns and 10 parsley sprigs in the center. gather the ends together to form a bundle and tie closed with kitchen twine. place in the pot., add the wine and tomato paste to the pot, cover and transfer to the oven. cook until the beef is tender, about 2 12 hours. remove and discard the cheesecloth bundle. remove the beef to a plate. bring the remaining liquid in the pot to a boil and cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. reduce the heat to low and return the beef to the pot. add the pearl onions., melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. add the mushrooms and saute until browned, about 5 minutes. transfer to the pot. garnish with the chopped parsley and serve.place the beef in a large bowl and add all the marinade ingredients. cover and marinade for at least 8 hours or preferably overnight, refrigerated., drain off the liquid from the marinade and reserve. remove the peppercorns, onions, and garlic. separate vegetables from the meat. dry the meat thoroughly on paper towels., heat a heavy bottomed saucepan. add the butter and oil, then add in the beef. cook over a high heat until seared all over, then remove from the pan and keep warm. add the lardons and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until golden. add the shallots and cook until they just begin to soften. stir in all the marinade vegetables, and cook for a further 3 to 4 minutes. return the meat to the pan and season generously with salt and pepper and stir in the mustard until all the ingredients are coated generously. pour in the reserved marinade liquid and bring to a gentle bubble. cover with a lid and cook for 1 12 to 2 hours, the sauce should be thick and the meat tender. you may need to add a little water half way through the cooking process. serve with mashed potatoes., cook the potatoes in salted boiling water for 12 to 15 minutes until tender., heat the cream and butter together until the butter is thoroughly melted. blanch the herbs in boiling salted water 2 to 3 minutes. drain and rinse thoroughly under very cold water until completely cooled. place blanched herbs in a blender and puree. slowly add the olive oil, while the motor is still running, to form a smooth puree., mash the potatoes, then add butter and cream. stir thoroughly until you have a smooth paste. finally fold in herb puree and season generously. mix well to form a green smooth mash.preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., remove the meat from the refrigerator and bring to room temperature, about 20 minutes., heat the oil in a large casserole. working in batches, brown the stew meat well on all sides, removing as you go. when the meat is done, cook the carrots and onions in the same pot until tender and lightly golden. add the garlic, and cook one minute. add the flour and cook, stirring for 2 minutes. pour over the wine and the stock. add the bouquet garni. return the meat to the pot, cover, and transfer to the oven until the meat is very tender, about 2 hours., while the meat cooks, prepare the garnish heat the oil, in a pan and brown the bacon, and remove. add the onions and cook until browned all over, remove. finally, brown the mushrooms, and remove. deglaze the pan with 12 cup water, reduce, and then pour over the garnish. set aside., when the meat is done, remove it from the pot. strain the stock, discarding the vegetables. pour the liquid back into the pot, and boil until thick enough to coat a spoon. return the meat to the pan and add the garnish. cover, and simmer until the onions are tender and the flavors have blended, 10 minutes. adjust the seasonings. serve.preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. heat the olive oil in a large dutch oven over medium high heat, then add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 10 minutes. use a slotted spoon to remove the bacon to a large plate., meanwhile, dry the beef cubes with paper towels and season them with salt and pepper. in batches in single layers, sear the beef in the hot bacon drippings, turning to brown on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes per batch. remove the seared cubes to the plate with the bacon and continue searing until all the beef is browned., add the thyme, carrots, onion and tomato paste to the pot. toss in the fat in the pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are lightly browned, about 10 minutes. put the beef and bacon back in the pot with their juices. add the wine plus enough beef stock to almost cover the meat. bring to a simmer, cover the pot with a tightfitting lid and bake for 1 12 hours., put the butter and flour in a small saucepan over medium heat and whisk together constantly until the raw flavor of the flour cooks out, 2 to 3 minutes. put the beef bourguignon over medium heat, stir in the butter mixture and cook until the stew thickens and the meat is very tender when pierced with a fork, about 15 minutes. remove the thyme stems and serve.for the bouquet garni wrap the herbs in cheesecloth and secure with butchers twine, leaving about 6 inches of excess string. set aside., for the beef bourguignon cook the bacon in a large dutch oven over medium heat until browned but not fully rendered, 5 minutes. using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon to a papertowellined plate., place the flour in a shallow bowl. season the beef well with salt and pepper, then toss it in the flour to coat, shaking off the excess flour. add the oil to the dutch oven, heat until shimmering, and then brown the beef in batches. using a slotted spoon, transfer the browned pieces to a large bowl., add the mushrooms to the pan. season with salt and pepper. cook until browned, about 4 minutes. if the pan looks dry, add more olive oil. push the mushrooms to the sides of the pan, add the onions and cook until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. season again with a pinch of salt and pepper. add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. carefully tie the bouquet garni to the handle of the pot and drop the bouquet into the vegetables or simply toss the whole bouquet into the pot. add the carrots and tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. add the red wine, increase the heat, and bring to a boil. then reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring up the browned bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. add the broth and 1 cup water and return the meat and bacon to the pan. simmer, covered, for 1 hour., add the pearl onions to the pot and cook, partially covered, until the meat is very tender when pierced with a fork, 1 hour more. remove the bouquet garni. season the stew to taste with salt and pepper. garnish with parsley leaves to serve.marinade, stew, for the marinade combine the garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, onions and wine in a large bowl or container. add the beef cover and let sit in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. this is a really important step it makes a huge flavor difference., for the stew remove the beef from the marinade. strain the veggies and bay leaves from the marinade and discard. reserve 2 cups of the marinade., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., coat a large, wide pan or dutch oven with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. sprinkle the beef with salt and toss with the flour do not flour the beef until youre ready to brown it. add the flourcoated beef to the hot pan, but be sure to not crowd the pan you will need to work in four batches. brown the meat well on all sides, 12 to 15 minutes. remove from the pan to a baking sheet., after the first two batches, deglaze the pot with 12 cup of the reserved marinade, scraping up any browned bits. drain the liquid into a small bowl. add more olive oil to the pan to coat and cook the remaining two batches of meat. add the meat to the baking sheet. deglaze the pan with 12 cup marinade, scraping up any browned bits., add the bacon and cook until it gets brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. toss in the mushrooms, carrots, celery, garlic and onions, and season with salt. cook until the mixture starts to soften and becomes very aromatic, about 10 minutes. add the tomato paste and cook, 1 to 2 minutes. add the remaining 1 cup marinade and deglaze the pan, stirring up any browned bits, 1 minute. add the beef. stir to combine and cook until the wine has reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes. add enough of the beef stock to just cover the surface of the beef. toss in the bay leaves and thyme bundle. cover the pan, bring the liquid to a boil and put in the oven., cook the beef for 2 hours. during the last hour of cooking time, add the potatoes. cover the pan with the lid and put the stew back in the oven to cook for an additional hour., remove the pot from the oven and skim off any excess grease from the surface of the stew. garnish with the chives and serve with crusty bread to sop up all the sauce.for the bourguignon, preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., in a 9 to 10inch pot that is at least 4 inches deep, bring 14 cup cooking oil to smoking temperature. season the meat with salt and black pepper. over high heat, brown the meat in the pot in 2 or 3 separate batches and set aside. reduce the heat, add the bacon to the pot and cook it until it begins to brown. add the onions, carrots, and celery and sweat approximately 10 minutes over medium heat while stirring often. add the tomato paste and allow it to brown and cook about 5 minutes. add the flour while stirring constantly. slowly incorporate the red wine into the pot, stirring constantly so that no lumps form. add the stock and meat to the pot and bring to a simmer. secure the thyme and bay leaves together with the butchers twine and place it in the pot. place a lid on top of the pot and put it into the oven for 2 12 to 3 hours, or until the meat is fork tender. remove the lid and skim the top of any excess fat. the onions and mushrooms should be added right before serving., for the potato gratin, preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., in a large bowl, toss the sliced potatoes with salt and black pepper. arrange them in layers in a greased 8 by 6inch flameproof baking dish. pour the heavy cream over the layered potatoes. place the dish on top of a sheet pan and then into the oven for 45 minutes. remove the potatoes from the oven and turn the oven temperature to broil. top the potatoes with the cheese and return to the oven for approximately 5 minutes, or just long enough for the cheese to melt and nicely brown. serve alongside the beef bourguignon.for the marinade combine the garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, onions and wine in a large bowl or container. add the beef cover and let sit in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. this is a really important step it makes a huge flavor difference., for the stew remove the beef from the marinade. strain the veggies and bay leaves from the marinade and discard. reserve 2 cups of the marinade., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., coat a large, wide pan or dutch oven with olive oil and bring to mediumhigh heat. sprinkle the beef with salt and toss with the flour do not flour the beef until youre ready to brown it. add the flourcoated beef to the hot pan, but be sure to not crowd the pan you will need to work in four batches. brown the meat well on all sides, 12 to 15 minutes. remove from the pan to a baking sheet., after the first two batches, deglaze the pot with 12 cup of the reserved marinade, scraping up any browned bits. drain the liquid into a small bowl. add more olive oil to the pan to coat and cook the remaining two batches of meat. add the meat to the baking sheet. deglaze the pan with 12 cup marinade, scraping up any browned bits., add the bacon and cook until it gets brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. toss in the mushrooms, carrots, celery, garlic and onions, and season with salt. cook until the mixture starts to soften and becomes very aromatic, about 10 minutes. add the tomato paste and cook, 1 to 2 minutes. add the remaining 1 cup marinade and deglaze the pan, stirring up any browned bits, 1 minute. add the beef. stir to combine and cook until the wine has reduced by half, 1 to 2 minutes. add enough of the beef stock to just cover the surface of the beef. toss in the bay leaves and thyme bundle. cover the pan, bring the liquid to a boil and put in the oven., cook the beef for 2 hours. during the last hour of cooking time, add the potatoes. cover the pan with the lid and put the stew back in the oven to cook for an additional hour., remove the pot from the oven and skim off any excess grease from the surface of the stew. garnish with the chives and serve with crusty bread to sop up all the sauce.1 place all sauce ingredients into a food processor or blender and blitz until slightly chopped, but not smooth. set aside., 2 saute pancetta in evoo until just beginning to crisp then add in the garlic and shallot. cook until soft 2 minutes. splodge into a bowl and add in the breadcrumbs, parsley, black pepper and stir. when completely cooled, add in the parmesan and whisked eggs combine well., 3 line a baking dish with a sheet of 18 wide heavyduty aluminium foil. spray with nonstick spray. working with one at a time, lay a beef slice on a clean surface and sprinkle with a bit of salt. scoop 16th of the stuffing and place at the fattest end. now roll up, but not tightly because the stuffing will expand. no need to secure with toothpicks. place into the baking dish, seam side down, as you roll them up. add a glug of wine to the dish then spoon sauce around the beef rolls to come half way up the sides. cover with foil. the braciola can be stashed in the refrigerator or freezer at this point or baked immediately., 4 when ready to bake preheat oven to 350 degrees f. place covered braciola into the oven and bake for 90 minutes to 2 hours slightly longer if baking from frozen keep covered with foil the entire time. make sure that the tomato sauce does not dry out if it does, add some water.preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., on a cutting board, mash the garlic and 12 teaspoon of the salt together with the flatside of a knife into a paste. add the rosemary and continue to mash until incorporated. put the garlicrosemary paste in a small bowl and add 2 tablespoons of olive oil stir to combine., season both sides of the brisket with a fair amount of kosher salt and ground black pepper. place a large roasting pan or dutch oven over mediumhigh flame and coat with the remaining olive oil. put the brisket in the roasting pan and sear to form a nice brown crust on both sides. lay the vegetables all around the brisket and pour the rosemary paste over the whole thing. add the wine and tomatoes toss in the parsley and bay leaves. cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and transfer to the oven. bake for about 3 to 4 hours, basting every 30 minutes with the pan juices, until the beef is fork tender., remove the brisket to a cutting board and let it rest for 15 minutes. scoop the vegetables out of the roasting pan and onto a platter, cover to keep warm. pour out some of the excess fat, and put the roasting pan with the pan juices on the stove over mediumhigh heat. boil and stir for 5 minutes until the sauce is reduced by 12. if you want a thicker sauce, mix 1 tablespoon of flour with 2 tablespoons of wine or water and blend into the gravy., slice the brisket across the grain the muscle lines at a slight diagonal. serve with potato pancakes., 4 medium russet potatoes, peeled, 2 medium onions, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 14 cup finely chopped chives, vegetable oil, for frying, serving suggestion applesauce, using a box grater or food processor, coarsely grate the potatoes and onions. put the grated potatoes and onions together in cheesecloth or a tea towel and twist it to squeeze out the excess liquid. put the dry potatoes and onions in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. fold in the egg whites and chives to bind the mixture together., heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and coat with 14inch of oil. for each pancake, take about 2 tablespoons of the potato mixture and drop into the hot oil gently flatten with a spatula so they fry up thin and crispy. fry for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, until golden. remove to paper towels to drain season with salt while the potato pancakes are still hot. continue frying, adding more oil as needed, until all of the mixture is used up. serve immediately with apple sauce, if desired., yield about 20 4inch pancakes, prep time 30 minutes, cook time 4 minutes perbatch, ease of preparation mediumpreheat the oven to 325 degrees. heat a 6to8quart dutch oven over mediumhigh heat add the bacon and cook until lightly browned. remove with a slotted spoon to a large plate, leaving the drippings in the pot., pat the beef dry with paper towels season with salt and pepper. add the beef to the pot in a single layer do this in batches sear for 3 to 5 minutes, turning to brown all over. transfer with a slotted spoon to the plate with the bacon., add the carrots and onions to the pot and cook until softened and slightly browned, 7 to 8 minutes. season with salt and pepper. meanwhile, make a bouquet garni tie the thyme, bay leaf, garlic, parsley and celery together with twine nestle the garlic in the celery stalk., return the bacon and beef to the pot. add the flour and stir for a few minutes until the meat is coated. stir in the tomato paste. add the brandy and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. add the red wine cook until reduced by half again, about 10 more minutes. add the stock and bouquet garni bring to a low boil. stir gently, then cover and transfer to the oven cook until the meat is tender and cooked through, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour 30 minutes., meanwhile, melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. add the pearl onions and cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. add the sugar and 14 cup water cook until the water evaporates and the onions are browned, about 5 minutes. add the mushrooms cook until slightly softened and golden, 3 to 4 minutes. season with salt and pepper set the skillet aside., remove the meat from the pot with a slotted spoon. let the sauce sit for a few minutes, then skim off the fat and discard. return the meat to the pot. add the pearl onions and mushrooms heat through. season with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley. for better flavor, make the dish a day ahead.preheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees f., trim the fat evenly across the top to 14inch thick. season the brisket liberally with the seasoning rub. cook in the oven or smoker until the internal temperature on an instant read meat thermometer reaches 175 degrees f, about 6 to 8 hours. remove the meat from the oven or smoker and wrap in a double layer of aluminum foil to seal in the juices. turn the foiled meat upside down and place it back in the oven or smoker for 1 more hour. remove and let the meat rest for 20 minutes. slice in 14inch thick slices., serve with jalapeno peppers andor onions on a bun or in a soft flour tortilla shell with fajita seasoning and sauce., enjoyplace the bay leaves and thyme on a small piece of cheesecloth and tie the corners together tightly to form a bundle set aside., heat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. season the beef with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. working in batches, add the beef to the pot and cook, turning, until browned all over, about 5 minutes. transfer to a plate and add the bacon to the pot. cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. add the carrots, onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes. add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute., add the cognac to the pot and cook, scraping up any browned bits, until the liquid has mostly evaporated, about 1 minute. add the wine, chicken broth, cheesecloth bundle, browned meat and any juices and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer, stirring and scraping up the bottom of the pot occasionally, until the beef is tender and the sauce is thick, about 2 hours. discard the cheesecloth bundle., meanwhile, make the crust combine the flour and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. add the parsley and chives and pulse to combine, then add the butter and pulse 8 to 10 times until it looks like coarse meal. add 12 cup ice water and pulse until the dough just starts coming together, adding 1 to 2 tablespoons more ice water if necessary. turn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap and form into a disk wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes or overnight., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. finish the stew heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the mushrooms, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are lightly browned, about 7 minutes. add to the pot with the stew along with the pearl onions and butter stir. transfer the mixture to a 3to4quart oval or 9by13inch baking dish and set aside to cool., on a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into a 12by15inch rectangle, about 18 inch thick. beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water brush the edges and outside of the baking dish with the egg wash. drape the dough over the filling and press it against the sides of the dish trim any excess to leave a 1inch overhang. cut a few slits in the top to vent., brush the crust with more of the egg wash. bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 45 minutes. let rest 10 minutes before serving.preheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees f., trim the fat evenly across the top to 14inch thick. season the brisket liberally with the seasoning rub. cook in the oven or smoker until the internal temperature on an instant read meat thermometer reaches 175 degrees f, about 6 to 8 hours. remove the meat from the oven or smoker and wrap in a double layer of aluminum foil to seal in the juices. turn the foiled meat upside down and place it back in the oven or smoker for 1 more hour. remove and let the meat rest for 20 minutes. slice in 14inch thick slices., serve with jalapeno peppers andor onions on a bun or in a soft flour tortilla shell with fajita seasoning and sauce., enjoypreheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees f., trim the fat evenly across the top to 14inch thick. season the brisket liberally with the seasoning rub. cook in the oven or smoker until the internal temperature on an instant read meat thermometer reaches 175 degrees f, about 6 to 8 hours. remove the meat from the oven or smoker and wrap in a double layer of aluminum foil to seal in the juices. turn the foiled meat upside down and place it back in the oven or smoker for 1 more hour. remove and let the meat rest for 20 minutes. slice in 14inch thick slices., serve with jalapeno peppers andor onions on a bun or in a soft flour tortilla shell with fajita seasoning and sauce., enjoypreheat the oven to 300 degrees f., spread the matzo meal on a large piece of parchment paper or baking sheet. dredge the brisket in the matzo meal and season generously with salt and pepper. preheat a very large skillet over high heat. add the oil and heat until very hot. add the brisket and cook, turning once, until wellbrowned, about 7 minutes the first side, and 5 minutes the second side., coat the inside of a large dutch oven with a tightfitting lid with the butter. arrange the onions in an even layer on the bottom of the pot., lay the brisket on the onions. pour in the water, and sprinkle the pickling spice around the brisket. brush the mustard on the top of the meat. bring to a boil on the top of the stove, transfer pan to the oven, and cook, covered, basting often, for 2 hours. turn the brisket over and cook, covered, basting often, for another hour and 15 minutes. turn the brisket over again and cook uncovered, basting often, until wellbrowned and very tender, about 1 hour and 15 minutes more., transfer the brisket a cutting board and cover with foil to keep warm. remove the fat from the cooking liquid with a spoon, ladle, or degreaser. transfer the cooking liquid to a medium saucepan., using a sharp knife, thinly slice the brisket and transfer to a large serving platter. reheat the cooking liquid and pour it over the sliced brisket. serve immediately.preheat an indoor electric grill to high, outdoor gas grill to medium high or, prepare charcoal., brush meat on both sides with worcestershire, balsamic, and oil. let meat rest 10 minutes. grill meat 4 to 6 minutes on each side that is mediumrare to mediumwell range. let meat rest another 5 to 10 minutes for juices to redistribute before you slice steak to serve. slice meat on an angle, thinly, against the grain of the meat., to make dressing, combine anchovies, garlic, and oil in a metal or heatproof glass bowl. place bowl on grill top and cover grill. cook oil mixture 2 or 3 minutes or until garlic is speaking by sizzling in oil. remove dressing from heat and beat warm oil with a fork until the anchovies break up completely and dissipates in oil. cooked anchovies melt away easily and the flavor changes from fishy to nutty. transfer oil mixture to a large salad bowl. add worcestershire, lemon juice, egg, pepper, and cheese while beating with fork. toss greens to coat with dressing. brown garlic bread under broiler or on outdoor grill and cut the bread into chunks., to serve, pile caesar salad greens on plate, garnish with chunks of garlic bread rather than traditional croutons an extra sprinkle of cheese, black pepper a pile of thinly sliced sirloin along side.in a large bowl, combine beef, sausage, carrot, onion, parsley, pickle relish, mustard, salt and pepper. shape into 6 patties. spray a large skillet or lightly greased griddle with cooking spray. cook patties over medium heat about 5 to 7 minutes per side or until done. spread dill pickle remoulade evenly on cut sides of each bun half layer bottoms with beef patties, cheese slices, bacon slices, and desired garnishes. top with top halves of buns., stir together all ingredients until blended cover and chill until ready to serve.to prepare the ketchup preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. toss the tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and place on a baking sheet. roast in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until soft., transfer the tomatoes to a food processor and process until smooth. strain the tomatoes, pressing against the solids with a wooden spoon to extract as much pulp and juice as possible., heat the remaining olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic until translucent. add the tomato puree and remaining ingredients and continue cooking, uncovered for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally until thick., to prepare the burgers shape the meat firmly into 4 round uniform patties about 1 12inches thick. brush both sides of the burgers lightly with the remaining olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. heat a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat until just smoking. cook the burgers until done to your preference, 5 to 6 minutes on each side for medium rare etc.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., to make the chocolate sauce heat the oil in a medium saucepot over medium heat. sweat the shallots and garlic until aromatic. add the chipotles and cook until the adobo sauce has darkened. add the port and cook down until reduced by 23. add the red wine and balsamic vinegar, and reduce by half. add the beef stock, chile powder, coriander, and nutmeg. simmer and reduce down by 13. stir in the grated chocolate. if the sauce is thin, mix the cornstarch with some water and whisk in a bit at a time until the sauce is thickened. you may not need all of the cornstarch slurry. taste the sauce and season with salt, and pepper. set the mixture aside and keep warm., season the beef cubes with the steak seasoning. thread the skewers in this order onionbeefapricotonion. roast the skewers in the oven for 8 minutes. top each skewer with a piece of taleggio cheese and roast in the oven for another 2 minutes., serve the skewers with the chocolate sauce.put the beef and hen together in a pot large enough to hold all of the ingredients. add the water, set over medium heat and bring to a boil. reduce the heat, and simmer for 2 12 hours. remove the hen from the broth, continue cooking the beef and allow the hen to cool enough to handle. while the hen is cooling add the vegetables to the beef and broth and continue cooking. add the spices and taste to adjust the salt and pepper. pull the hen meat from the bones and add the meat to the beef and vegetables. cook until the vegetables are completely cooked. serve in bowls immediately.directions, make your favorite beef burger recipe and serve with a big selection of toppings. these may include smoked cheddar, caramelized onions, remoulade, salsa, guacamole, bacon strips, quick sweet pickles, or sliced roasted tomatoes. and dont forget the ketchup, mustard and lettuce.in a large saucepan, cook the bacon until crisp. remove the bacon bits and reserve. add the beef and cook until browned on all sides. add the garlic and rosemary and saute for 1 minute. sprinkle with flour and cook until toasted. stir in the cooking wine and stock bring to a boil. transfer to crockpot with the remaining ingredients except parsley. turn crockpot to high and cook for 6 hours, until the beef is tender. remove lid and heat for 30 to 60 minutes to thicken the sauce.if you ever have leftover braised short rib or brisket, you can use the same method to stretch your leftovers. just skip the 6hour step and bring the liquid to a simmer and cook until thick.in a 3quart pan, heat the butter and oil. saute the beef, onion, coriander, pepper, sugar, bay leaves, salt, and cumin for about 10 minutes over medium heat, stirring frequently., add the coconut milk. carefully add the calvados, cover with a lid, and cook for 45 minutes or until beef is tender. the liquid should have nearly all evaporated, leaving a thick residue of sauce covering the beef., add the sliced apples, cover and cook for 5 minutes., to serve, simply place on a large dish, and serve with a glass of calvados.1. combine 2 tablespoons flour and smoked paprika in a large bowl add the beef chunks. season, to taste, with salt and pepper. toss well to coat evenly. heat a dutch oven over medium heat, and add the oil. brown the meat, in batches, taking care not to crowd the pan, turning to sear all sides, about 6 to 8 minutes per batch. transfer the beef with a slotted spoon to a plate., 3. add the onion and garlic to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally until just soft, 5 to 7 minutes, adding a few tablespoons water if the pot gets too dark or begins to burn. add the beer, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. stir in the broth, molasses and thyme., 4. return the beef and any accumulated juices to the pot. cover and reduce the heat to mediumlow. simmer until the beef is tender when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife, about 2 to 2 12 hours. add the potatoes, carrots, and parsnips continue to simmer, uncovered, until the vegetables are tender but not mushy, about 40 minutes more., 5. stir together the remaining 1 teaspoon flour and melted butter to make a paste. stir the flour mixture into the stew and simmer until the broth is slightly thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. remove from heat. discard the thyme sprigs and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. if desired, sprinkle with parsley. transfer stew to a serving bowl and serve.wrap the tenderloin in plastic wrap and place in the freezer for 2 hours., after 2 hours, unwrap the tenderloin and thinly slice the beef into approximately into 18 to 14inch pieces. lay out sheets of plastic wrap and place each slice onto the plastic. top with another piece of plastic and gently pound the meat with a meat mallet until paper thin. repeat until all of the meat is sliced and pounded. divide the meat evenly among 4 chilled plates. serve with greens tossed with vinaigrette, salt, pepper andor parmesan.for the filling add the oil to a skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onions, sofrito, and peppers, stirring occasionally until soft. add the tomato paste, adobo, and cilantro, stirring occasionally until combined. add the ground beef, season, and stir until the mixture reaches 160 degrees f. remove from the heat, strain, and allow the mixture to cool., for the empanada dough sift the flour, sugar, and salt onto parchment paper. place the sifted dry ingredients into a food processor. add the remainder of the ingredients to the food processor and process until the dough looks like a ball. remove the ball from the food processor and cover it with plastic wrap. refrigerate for 1 hour., transfer the pastry onto a lightly floured board and roll out until it is 116inch thick. cut into segments with a 4inch dough cutter. each cut will create a dough round. put 1 tablespoon of the filling onto the upper half of each round, and then fold the bottom pastry up into a halfmoon shape. crimp the edges closed with your finger to fold the upper and bottom halves together. repeat this step until all the edges are closed., for the guava sauce blend all the ingredients in a food processor until the mixture is silky and smooth. pour the sauce in a separate dish or bowl for dipping., put about 2 inches of oil into a heavy, deep skillet over medium heat and heat to 350 degrees f. add the empanadas, a few at a time, and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes per side., serve with guava sauce.chill 8 serving plates. place meat in freezer about 10 minutes., whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, shallots, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and reserve., slice cold beef across grain into 18inch slices. then place each slice, one at a time, between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and, using the smooth side of a meat pounder, flatten by gently pounding and pressing back and forth. work from center out. keep turning to flatten it evenly to about 116 inch. you should spend about a minute on each slice., entirely cover each chilled plate with thin slices of beef. at this stage, you can cover with plastic wrap and reserve in refrigerator for several hours. carefully spoon reserved dressing over meat to evenly cover. garnish with parmesan strips and chives, and serve immediately.bring balsamic vinegar to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat and reduce it to 12 cup, stir in the honey. let cool., toss arugula with vinegar and oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. lay out 1 slice of beef on a flat surface. place 1 slice of cheese and two tablespoons of the arugula in the middle of the beef and roll up tightly. repeat with the remaining beef. place on platter and drizzle with balsamic reduction.preheat oven to 350 degrees f. preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat., brush the slices of focaccia with the olive oil. place on a sheet pan and grill until crispy, about 5 minutes. set aside., in a medium saucepan, combine the onions, wine, vinegar, brown sugar, and honey. stir constantly over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes, until the sauce is the consistency of marmalade., grill the beef tenderloin, turning to mark all sides, until medium rare, about 10 to 15 minutes total. let rest for 10 minutes, then thinly slice the meat. place a slice of beef on each rosemary focaccia crostini and top each with a teaspoon of onion marmalade.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., in a mediumsized skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat. add the beef, chorizo, onion, garlic, cumin, salt and pepper. cook for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring constantly so that the ingredients are well blended. add additional cumin, if desired, and cook for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. set aside and let the filling cool., roll out the pie crust dough and cut out rounds using a 3inch cutter. put 1 tablespoon of filling on half of the round. fold the other half of the round over and using a fork, press down on the edge of the dough making sure it is sealed all the way around. this forms the empanada. whisk the egg in a small bowl. brush the top of each empanada with the egg wash. arrange the empanadas on a nonstick sheet pan and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. transfer the empanadas to a serving platter and serve.for the prime rib rub preheat oven to 450 degrees f., mix the garlic, salt, pepper, granulated onion, thyme and rosemary together in a small bowl. pour the irish stout and 2 cups water into a large metal roasting pan fitted with a rack inside. rub seasoning mix all over prime rib and place in the roasting pan fatside up. roast, uncovered, 30 minutes. reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees f. cover roast with tin foil and roast until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 145 degrees f for mediumrare, about 2 hours. transfer to a cutting board, wrap in foil and let rest for 20 minutes before slicing. save drippings in pan to make au jus., for the horseradish aioli place yolks, garlic, horseradish, lemon juice, dijon and salt into a food processor. process until smooth, then drizzle in olive oil until it reaches desired consistency., to make au jus, pour pan drippings into a small saucepan. add black pepper and minced garlic to taste. add water if more au jus is desired than what was left from roasting the meat. bring to a simmer on stovetop, and simmer a few minutes., to make the sandwich soak a 13pound slice prime rib in au jus briefly, then saute in a pan to warm, and top with two slices of white cheddar. served on a demibaguette with 2 ounces of horseradish aioli, along with a side of au jus for dipping. repeat with 5 more slices.season the beef with salt and pepper. heat a dutch oven over medium heat with 2 teaspoons vegetable oil sear the beef in two batches, adding up to 2 teaspoons more vegetable oil, until browned on all sides, 4 to 6 minutes per batch. using a slotted spoon or tongs, transfer the beef to a plate as it browns., reduce the heat to medium. add the remaining 2 teaspoons oil to the pot add the onion, red pepper and garlic. cook, stirring, until onion is soft, 8 to 10 minutes. stir in the cocoa, chili powder, oregano, cumin and coriander cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. add the corn meal and tomato paste and cook until the tomato paste sticks to bottom and caramelizes, about 2 minutes. stir in 6 cups water, scraping tomato paste from bottom of pan bring to a simmer. add the reserved beef and beans partially cover the pot and adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer until the beef is tender, 1 12 to 2 hours., serve chili with fresh salsa, lime wedges, and brown rice, if desired.lay the out the prosciutto in 4 pairs of 2 pieces that are partially overlapping lengthwise. in a bowl toss the watercress with the oil, salt, and pepper. divide the watercress equally in mounds placed at the end of the prosciutto slices. wrap the prosciutto around the watercress and roll them up as tight as possible without bruising the watercress. set aside. slicing against the grain cut the beef into 8 equal slices. lay each piece between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and lightly pound into tender thin pieces with a mallet or the side of a heavy knife or a wine bottle with cork in it., lay 2 pieces on each of the 4 salad plates. drizzle the meat with the oil and season with salt and pepper. place a roll of the prosciutto and watercress next to the beef. place 1 2ounce spoonful of the fresh goat cheese nestled between the beef and roulade. garnish with the apple slices.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f., arrange the bread slices on 2 heavy large baking sheets. drizzle 3 tablespoons oil over the bread slices. bake until the crostini are pale golden and crisp, about 15 minutes., blend the bell peppers and mayonnaise in a food processor until smooth and creamy. season the bell pepper mayonnaise, to taste, with salt and pepper. cover and refrigerate., tie the beef with kitchen string to help maintain its shape. season the beef with salt and pepper. heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a heavy small skillet over medium heat. add the beef to the skillet and cook until brown and cooked to desired doneness, about 8 minutes for rare. freeze the beef until it is just frozen this will make it easier to slice, about 3 hours. using a large sharp carving knife, cut the beef into thin slices., spread the bell pepper mayonnaise over the crostini and top with the sliced beef. arrange the crostini on a platter. scatter over the capers, sprinkle with the coarse sea salt, and serve., doahead tip the bell pepper mayonnaise and sliced beef can be made 1 day ahead. cover separately and refrigerate., alternative if desired, the beef tenderloin can be substituted with 1 pound freshly sliced roast beef. since the roast beef is already cooked and can be used as is, it makes a great timesaving alternative.in a bowl combine the masa harina and salt slowly adding the water until the dough can be rolled into a ball. knead the dough on a floured surface for 5 minutes or until smooth. wrap the dough in plastic wrap and allow to rest for 1 hour., separate the dough into 24 equal pieces rolling them into little balls. using a rolling pin roll out the dough so that it is about 12inch thick. place a cocktail frank on the edge of the dough and roll up tucking the ends underneath the frank. repeat the process until youve used up all of the dough and franks., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. place franks on a sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown., serve with a side of spicy mustard., cooks note masa harina is found in the latin food section of your grocery store. the cocktail franks can be frozen for up to 3 months.1 heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat until hot. add ground beef cook 8 to 10 minutes, breaking into 34inch crumbles and stirring occasionally. pour off drippings. 2 stir in beans, broth, tomatoes and chili powder bring to a boil. reduce heat cover and simmer 20 minutes to develop flavors, stirring occasionally. garnish with toppings, as desired.moroccan variation prepare recipe as directed above, adding 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice and 14 cup chopped pitted dates or golden raisins with ingredients in step 2. serve over hot cooked couscous. garnish with toasted sliced almonds, chopped fresh mint and greek yogurt, as desired.mexican variation prepare recipe as directed above, adding 1 tablespoon cocoa powder with ingredients in step 2. garnish with chopped fresh cilantro, pepitas pumpkin seeds and corn tortilla chips, as desired. serve with corn tortillas.italian variation prepare recipe as directed above, adding 112 teaspoons fennel seed with ingredients in step 2. before removing from heat, stir in 3 cups fresh baby spinach. cover turn off heat and let stand 3 to 5 minutes or until spinach is just wilted. serve over hot cooked orecchiette or cavatappi, if desired. garnish with grated parmesan cheese and pine nuts, as desired.cincinnati variation prepare recipe as directed above, adding 3 tablespoons white vinegar and 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon with ingredients in step 2. serve over hot cooked elbow macaroni. garnish with chopped white onion, sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese, as desired.cooking times are for fresh or thoroughly thawed ground beef. ground beef should be cooked to an internal temperature of 160degreesf. color is not a reliable indicator of ground beef doneness.in a large soup pot, heat the olive oil. season the beef shoulder all over with salt and pepper, add it to the pot and brown it. as its browning stir in the chili powder, coriander, cumin, paprika, oregano and cinnamon. lower the temperature under the meat to toast the spices. in a food processor puree the onions, garlic, chipotle peppers, jalapeno, tomato paste and sugar and add it to the pot. increase the heat to medium to steam vegetables a little and sweeten the peppers. add enough water to cover by 1 inch, about 1 quart, and add tomatoes with their liquid. bring to a boil and skim off any foam that rises to the surface. reduce the heat and simmer until the meat is forktender and comes apart with no resistance, about 2 hours. as it cooks down, add more water, if necessary. when done, stir in the masa harina. take a potato masher and mash the chili so the meat comes apart in shreds. season with salt and pepper, to taste. garnish each serving with the shredded cheddar, chives, and sour cream.making chili is nothing more than mounting layers of flavor and letting them all simmer together. get in the habit of tasting recipes in stages this way if something is not quite right, adjustments can be made on the spot., season the beef shoulder all over with salt and pepper then put it in a large soup pot. add enough water to cover by 1 inch, about 3 quarts, and place over medium heat. bring to a boil and skim off any foam that rises to the surface. mix in the onions, garlic, chipotles, and jalapeno. stir in the ancho chile powder. pour the entire can of tomatoes, with the liquid, into a bowl and handcrush until chunky add the crushed tomatoes to the pot along with the tomato paste. simmer until the meat is fork tender and comes apart with no resistance, about 2 hours. as it cooks down, add more water if necessary. after the chili has cooked a couple of hours, take a wooden spoon and beat it vigorously so the meat shreds apart., add the next layer of flavor by stirring in the beans and cornmeal. season with salt and pepper and simmer for another hour, stirring occasionally. partially cover the pot so the steam does not get trapped under the lid and drip down into the chili making it watery. in the last 5 minutes of cooking, stir in the grated chocolate. garnish each serving with shredded cheddar and saltine crackers., this homemade chili powder will add a smoky depth to chili and as a dry rub for steaks. toast the ancho chile pieces over low heat in a dry skillet until fragrant, shaking the pan so they dont scorch. put the chiles in a mini food processor and pulse to a powder. add the remaining ingredients and buzz again to combine., yield about 1 cupwrap the beef tenderloin in plastic wrap and place in the freezer for about 20 minutes. this makes it easier to slice the beef., cut the beef into 14inch slices and place each slice between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. with a beef pounder, flatten out the beef until it is paper thin., remove the beef from the plastic wrap and arrange in one layer on a large plate. layer a few arugula leaves, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper, and cheese shavings over the raw meat., add a generous amount of pomegranate seeds and freshly squeezed lemon juice, just before serving.in a large wok or skillet over medium heat add 1 tablespoon of canola oil. whisk the egg yolks in a small bowl and pour them into the hot pan. cook until set, about 1 minute. remove them from the pan to a plate and set aside., return the pan to the stove over high heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil. add the broccoli and bean sprouts, and stirfry until heated through, about 1 minute. stir in the beef, rice and soy sauce. season with pepper, to taste, and add the cooked egg. toss and cook the mixture until hot, about 2 minutes. transfer to serving dishes and garnish with sliced scallions., cook the white rice according to package directions. reserve 2 cups cooked rice for the online round 2 recipe, beef fried rice., thinly slice the chuck steak, about 14inch thick, across the grain. cut the slices into 3inch long strips., heat the oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. toss the beef in the cornstarch and shake off excess. fry the beef in 2 batches in the hot oil, turning once, until crispy and golden, about 2 minutes on each side. remove the beef from the pan and set aside on paper towel lined plate. carefully drain the oil from the wok or skillet., in a medium bowl add the marmalade, garlic, vinegar, ginger, soy sauce and orange juice and whisk until well combined. add to the wok, over high heat, and cook for 2 minutes. stir in the broccoli, reserving about 1 12 cups for round 2 recipe, wonton soup and online round 2 recipe, beef fried rice. cook the broccoli until slightly tender and the sauce is thick, about 3 to 5 minutes. stir in the beef, then transfer to a serving platter. serve immediately with the white rice.place a large heavy pot over medium heat and add the bacon. fry for about 5 minutes until crisp and remove to a paper towel and reserve. add the beef to the hot bacon fat and brown it evenly on all sides, turning with tongs season generously with salt and pepper. while the beef is searing, sprinkle the flour evenly in the pot and continue to stir to dissolve any clumps. add a little oil if necessary to keep the meat from sticking to the bottom of the pot., toss in the onions, garlic, roasted peppers, paprika, and caraway cook and stir for 2 minutes until fragrant. stir in the vinegar, tomatoes, and broth. bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cook for 1 hour, covered, stirring occasionally., add the potatoes. crumble the reserved bacon into the stew and continue to simmer for 30 minutes, partially covered, until the potatoes are tender. season with salt and pepper. remove from heat and stir the sour cream into the goulash just before serving. garnish with the chopped parsley.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. toss the broccoli and tomatoes with the vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. roast, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 25 minutes., meanwhile, coat a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and heat over mediumhigh heat. add the beef and the remaining 1 teaspoon chili powder season with salt and pepper. cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 4 minutes. stir in 12 cup enchilada sauce, the beans and 2 tablespoons water. simmer until the beans are soft, 3 to 5 minutes. remove from the heat and add the cilantro., coat a small baking dish with cooking spray. divide 14 cup cheese and the beef mixture among the tortillas fold in the sides and roll up. transfer to the baking dish, seamside down. drizzle with the remaining 34 cup enchilada sauce and cover with foil. bake until warmed through, 12 minutes. uncover, sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup cheese and bake until melted, 2 to 3 more minutes. serve with the vegetables.1. preheat oven to 375 degrees f. spray 13x9inch baking dish with cooking spray., 2. cook beef in large skillet over medium heat 7 minutes or until meat crumbles and is no longer pink drain. add drained tomatoes and 1 cup enchilada sauce blend well., 3. place tortillas in damp paper towels microwave on high 1 minute or just until flexible. place about 13 cup beef mixture evenly on each tortilla. top each with about 1 tablespoon cheese. roll up and place seam side down in baking dish. top with remaining sauce and remaining 1 cup cheese, spreading evenly and covering tortilla edges., 4. bake covered 30 minutes. serve with a dollop of sour cream, if desired.for the filling add the oil to a skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onions, sofrito, and peppers, stirring occasionally until soft. add the tomato paste, adobo, and cilantro, stirring occasionally until combined. add the ground beef, season, and stir until the mixture reaches 160 degrees f. remove from the heat, strain, and allow the mixture to cool., for the empanada dough sift the flour, sugar, and salt onto parchment paper. place the sifted dry ingredients into a food processor. add the remainder of the ingredients to the food processor and process until the dough looks like a ball. remove the ball from the food processor and cover it with plastic wrap. refrigerate for 1 hour., transfer the pastry onto a lightly floured board and roll out until it is 116inch thick. cut into segments with a 4inch dough cutter. each cut will create a dough round. put 1 tablespoon of the filling onto the upper half of each round, and then fold the bottom pastry up into a halfmoon shape. crimp the edges closed with your finger to fold the upper and bottom halves together. repeat this step until all the edges are closed., for the guava sauce blend all the ingredients in a food processor until the mixture is silky and smooth. pour the sauce in a separate dish or bowl for dipping., put about 2 inches of oil into a heavy, deep skillet over medium heat and heat to 350 degrees f. add the empanadas, a few at a time, and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes per side.preheat the oven to 200 degrees f., trim the fat from the beef, and cut the beef into strips. put the beef, onions, fennel, and roasted garlic into a large braising pan. season the mixture with salt, and pepper. pour the beer over the ingredients in the pan, submerging them. cover the pan tightly with two layers of aluminum foil. cook the stew in the oven for 8 hours. transfer the stew to bowls, and garnish with fennel fronds., preheat the oven to 300 degrees f., cut the heads of garlic in half and sprinkle with extravirgin olive oil, salt, and pepper, to taste. wrap the heads in aluminum foil, and bake for 40 to 45 minutes.heat oven to 400f. heat a large skillet and with 2 tbsp. olive oil. season each filet with salt and pepper, put into hot pan and brown each side 4 minutes per side. remove from pan and place onto a baking sheet and place into hot oven for 4 minutes. or to desired temperature. in the filet pan add 2 tbsp. olive oil and add garlic and lightly brown. add the mushrooms, add onions and cook for another 5 minutes, add broth. add the herbs and the 3 tbsp. butter, make sure to stir butter into sauce. add asparagus at the last moment and cook for 3 minutes. slice russet potatoes and toss with olive oil, garlic and salt and pepper. place on a baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes or until golden brown. place filet on 3 potato slices top with mushrooms and asparagus sauce . note you can grill the filet.to prepare the marinade, combine all of the ingredients together in a large container and marinate the beef for 2 hours in the refrigerator. once the beef is marinated, sear the beef on both sides in a saute pan for approximately 10 minutes or until desired doneness., to make the tamale filling in a saute pan, add enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and heat. saute the peppers, garlic, onion, and hot sauce. cook until the peppers are tender and set aside., to make the tamales, use a mixing bowl and combine the corn flour, vegetable shortening, chicken broth, achiote paste, and salt and pepper. mix until a dough starts to form. place the banana leaves on a flat surface and spread the tamale dough in the center of each leaf. add the cooked peppers and fold the banana leaves around the tamale. steam the tamales for 20 minutes., to serve, slice the tamales or cut them open and place in the center of each plate. place the beef fillets to the side and serve.1 combine 1 clove garlic and 14 teaspoon pepper press evenly onto beef steaks. 2 combine beef broth, farro, remaining 2 cloves garlic and remaining 18 teaspoon pepper in small saucepan. bring to a boil reduce heat to low. cover and simmer 15 to 20 minutes or until most broth has been absorbed. remove from heat. stir in kale and cranberries. cover let stand 5 minutes. stir in almonds and lemon juice. season with salt, as desired. 3 meanwhile, place steaks on rack in broiler pan so surface of steaks is 2 to 3 inches from heat. broil 13 to 16 minutes for medium rare 145°f to medium 160°f doneness, turning once. 4 season steaks with salt. serve with farro mixture.fry the onions in hot oil until golden. add paprika and stir well. add the meat, cover and allow to simmer for 5 minutes. add water or stock, tomato puree, salt, vinegar and marjoram. cover saucepan and simmer on low heat for 3 to 3 12 hours, adding more water only if necessary. serve with boiled potatoes, noodles or dumplings.brown the ground beef in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat for 8 to 10 minutes. once the beef is browned, add the oregano and a pinch of salt, black pepper and crushed red pepper. add the sliced onions and cumin and cook until the onions are translucent. stir in the spanish paprika. simmer the filling over low heat for 15 minutes. adjust the seasoning to taste. let cool., spoon 2 tablespoons of the filling into a disc of empanada dough. fold the disc in half and close it by tightly twisting the edges. repeat with the remaining filling., heat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees f in a deepfryer or heavy pot. in batches, fry the empanadas until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes.set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. oil grate when ready to start cooking., in a bowl, combine beef strips, pepper stirfry, oil and taco seasoning. grill beef and pepper strips on hot oiled grill about 5 minutes total., remove pizza crust from package and place on grill. top with salsa, cheese, beef and pepper strips., turn heat down to medium and cook pizza covered for 8 to 10 minutes or until cheese has melted and starts to bubble., serve hot garnished with sour cream, guacamole, and cilantro., indoor preheat oven to 450 degrees f. combine and season beef and pepper strips as directed. heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large frying pan. when oil is hot, saute beef and pepper strips for 5 minutes. remove from pan set aside. remove pizza crusts from package and top with salsa and cheese. top with beef and peppers and bake in preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and begun to bubble. garnish as directed.slice the meat into strips against the grain, 14inch thick and 1inch wide. if necessary, freeze the meat for up to 2 hours to facilitate slicing., in a large, wide bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. place the meat in the marinade, cover, and refrigerate to marinate overnight, turning occasionally., preheat the oven to its lowest setting, between 145 and 150 degrees f., line 2 large baking sheets with foil and top with 2 heavy wire racks. drain the meat, pat dry, and arrange evenly on the racks without touching. place in the oven, leaving the oven door open a crack for air circulation. leave in the oven until dry, but still firm not spongy or brittle, 10 to 12 hours, depending upon the thickness of the meat, turning once or twice during the process., remove from the oven and store in waxed paper at room temperature for up to 2 days. wrap in plastic and refrigerate to store for up to 1 week.slice the beef with the grain into strips about 1 inch thick by 3 inches long. if the strips appear too large, they likely are the correct size, as they will shrink significantly during the cooking process., in a mixing bowl, mix the remaining ingredients. liberally season the beef with this spice mixture, being sure to use it all. cover the beef and refrigerate for 24 hours., preheat the oven to 250 degrees f. put the beef strips on a baking racklined sheet pan. arrange the meat so that the strips are not touching or overlapping. this allows for even drying. bake for 6 to 7 hours, until fairly dry. if you prefer your jerky on the chewy side, remove it after 6 hours. otherwise, leave it in for the full 7 hours to dry it out some more., divide the jerky among bags. store the bags in an airtight container at room temperature the jerky should keep for several months.in a large bowl whisk together canola oil, garlic, yogurt, cumin, salt, pepper and hot sauce. reserve half the marinade, in a covered bowl, and refrigerate. add beef cubes to remaining marinade, cover and refrigerate for anywhere from 30 minutes to overnight., preheat grill pan or outdoor grill to medium high heat. be sure to oil the grill surface before grilling the kebabs., thread beef cubes and onion pieces onto skewers, alternating 3 pieces of beef and onion per skewer. set aside extra beef cubes for another use. place skewers on the grill pan and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare., place kebabs on a serving platter along with spicy couscous. drizzle with some of the reserved marinade and serve., heat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. saute garlic with red pepper flakes for 2 minutes being careful not to burn garlic. add the chicken broth, turn up heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil. stir in couscous, cover and remove from the heat. let stand 5 minutes. season with salt and pepper and fluff with fork. transfer to a serving bowl and serve.toast the coriander and cumin seeds in a dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until fragrant and slightly smoking. pour into a pestle and mortar and grind until you get a fine powder. shake into a large bowl., add the garlic and ginger to the mortar and pestle and pound until a paste forms. scrape into the large bowl., add the beef, 2 tablespoons of minced cilantro, garam masala, baking soda and 1 teaspoon of salt. using your hands, thoroughly mix all the ingredients together until the meat is sticky, just a few minutes. allow the meat to rest about 30 minutes., meanwhile, combine the cherries and the cashews in a small bowl., when meat has rested, divide into 16 equal portions. roll each one into 2inch sausage shapes. make a long indentation in each sausage and stuff with 12 teaspoon of the dried cherry stuffing and pinch the meat together over the stuffing. roll the kebab between your hands to thoroughly seal it. repeat with the remaining kebabs., warm the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large nonstick skillet until shimmering. place the kebabs in the pan in a circular formation, making sure none of the kebabs touch. by the time youve placed your last kebab in the pan it will probably be time to start turning the first ones you set down. cook, turning frequently, until browned all the way around and cooked all the way through, 10 to 15 minutes., while the kebabs are cooking, make the simple dipping sauce. combine the yogurt, the remaining cilantro and half the lime juice. season with salt and pepper., remove the kebabs to a platter with a small bowl of sauce in the center. drizzle the remaining lime juice over the kebabs and finish with cilantro leaves. serve., combine the cinnamon, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using, in a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight.cook soba noodles according to package directions., meanwhile, heat the sesame oil in a large skillet. add ginger and garlic and saute 1 minute. add beef, scallions, snap peas and carrots and saute 1 minute. add broth and soy sauce and bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes, until carrots are soft. drain noodles and add to sauce. toss together with cilantro.soak the bread in water for 10 minutes squeeze dry and pulse in a food processor with the walnuts, grated onion, 1 teaspoon paprika, cinnamon, mint, cumin, cayenne, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. add 1 tablespoon dill and the parsley pulse until smooth., knead the spice paste and beef in a bowl. form into 8 eggshaped pieces, then flatten into 12inchthick oval patties. refrigerate for 10 minutes. meanwhile, soak the sliced red onion in ice water drain., toss the cantaloupe, lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, onion slices and the remaining 1 tablespoon dill and 12 teaspoon paprika in a bowl., preheat the grill to mediumhigh. brush the patties with olive oil. grill about 5 minutes flip and continue grilling until cooked through but still moist, 4 more minutes. serve with the melon slaw.fill a large pot with water and bring it to a rolling boil., make the sauce in a large wide, saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. add the onions and garlic and season with salt and pepper. cook until the onions are tender, 10 to 15 minutes, and then add the plum tomatoes, sugar, and oregano. stir to blend and then pour in the canned tomatoes and their juices. cook, stirring from time to time, until it comes to a simmer, about 5 minutes, to allow the ingredients to meld together. taste for seasoning. lower the heat and let the sauce continue to cook as you make the meatballs. season to taste with salt and pepper., make the meatballs put the beef in a large bowl and spread it all over the bottom of the bowl and up the sides a little. this will help you to distribute the seasoning evenly over the meat. sprinkle the meat with the salt and add the bread crumbs, parmesan cheese, parsley, and red pepper flakes. use your hands to mix all of the ingredients together. work in 1 of the eggs with your hands. roll 1 small ball about 112 to 2 inches in diameter., taste test in a small skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the canola oil over high heat. when the oil begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat to avoid splattering, and add the meatball. put the heat back on high and brown on all sides for a few minutes until cooked but still pink in the middle. taste for seasoning and texture. if too moist, add more bread crumbs. if too dry, add another beaten egg or a splash of water. adjust the salt and red pepper flakes, if needed, as well. roll the remaining meat into 112inch diameter meatballs you should have about 20., cook the meatballs heat a large skillet over high heat and add the remaining canola oil. when the oil begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat and add the meatballs in a single layer, spreading them apart somewhat so they have a chance to brown instead of steaming. put the heat back on high and turn the meatballs to brown them on all sides. cook to mediumrare, 3 to 5 minutes. squeeze the sides of 2 meatballs between your thumb and index finger to make sure they are still tender in the center. use a slotted spoon or spatula to remove them from the pan and transfer them to a tray lined with a kitchen towel to drain any excess grease., cook the pasta season the boiling water with salt until it tastes like seawater. bring the water back up to a boil. add the pasta to the pot and cook, stirring occasionally with a slotted spoon to make sure it doesnt clump or stick to the bottom as it cooks, until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. drain the pasta in a colander, reserving about 1 cup of the cooking liquid., serve the meatballs meanwhile, once you drop the pasta in the water, add the meatballs to the sauce and simmer over very low heat, 3 to 5 minutes. shut off the heat and allow the sauce and meat to rest as your pasta finishes cooking. pour off any excess grease in the skillet used to brown the meatballs, add a ladle of sauce, and warm the pan over low heat. stir to catch any browned bits of meat in the skillet. after a few minutes, pour that sauce back in with the rest. stir in a little of the reserved pasta cooking liquid if needed to thin. transfer the sauce and meatballs to a large bowl and toss in half of the cooked pasta. add about 34 cup of the parmesan cheese. stir in the remaining pasta. serve with the remaining cheese in a bowl on the side.in a large heavy skillet cook onions in 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden and add flour. cook mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, 2 minutes and stir in wine, tomato paste, broth and gravy. simmer sauce, stirring, 3 minutes and stir in mustard., preheat oven to 400 degrees. spoon half of sauce into 2quart shallow flameproof baking dish and arrange beef on it, overlapping slices. spread remaining sauce over beef., in a small bowl toss bread crumbs with remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil and sprinkle over sauce. bake miroton in upper third of oven until just bubbling around edges, about 5 to 10 minutes. if crumbs are not golden, put miroton under broiler 1 to 2 minutes.heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium skillet ideally not nonstick over mediumhigh heat. season the beef with salt and pepper. add the medallions to the pan and cook about 3 minutes on each side, for mediumrare, or until desired doneness. remove beef from pan and set on plates or a platter in a warm spot., add the remaining 1 12 teaspoons oil to the skillet. add the shiitakes and cook over mediumlow heat, until soft, about 4 minutes. add the shallots, garlic, and salt and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. pull the skillet from the heat, add the cognac, and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any brown bits that cling to the pan. return to the heat and cook until the liquid is reduced, about 1 minute. if you are cooking over a gas flame the alcohol may flame, simply cook until the flames die down. add the chicken broth, and cook until saucy, about 2 minutes more. remove from the heat, stir in the sour cream and parsley, and season with salt and pepper., spoon mushrooms and sauce over the medallions and serve.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., in a large mixing bowl, toss the sliced potatoes with the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of herb mix. season with salt and black pepper. place potatoes on a baking tray. roast potatoes in preheated oven for 15 minutes, until the edges just start to turn golden. remove from oven and place potatoes into a glass bowl. while still warm, toss truffle butter with the potatoes. cover with foil and keep warm until ready to serve., for the medallions, coat all sides with olive oil. sprinkle about 2 teaspoons of herb mix per medallion on both sides. season both sides of the medallions with salt and black pepper. in a large skillet, sear medallions on high heat until the outside is cooked. remove from pan and set aside., to make the sauce, use the same pan that the medallions were cooked in. the leftover residue from the beef will add extra flavor. add the butter, 1 tablespoon of shallots, and morels. saute for 3 minutes. add brandy and flame off alcohol. pour in reserved morel water and reduce by half. once reduced, add the veal stock and bring to a simmer. add the heavy cream and reduce to low heat. simmer for one minute. season with salt and black pepper. leave in pan to maintain heat until ready to serve., to make the warm salad greens, in a separate large saute pan with the olive oil, saute the shallots for 2 minutes. then add the beet greens and arugula, saute until wilted. remove from heat and toss in baby spinach. season with salt and pepper., to plate each serving, place a portion of the potatoes in the center of the plate. then arrange each portion of the greens on top of the potatoes. then place two medallions on top of the greens, leaning against each other. then spoon a portion of the sauce around the potatoes, greens, and medallions. garnish the top of the medallions with 1 tablespoon of tomato concasse. serve and enjoy., in a small mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients.make the broth position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees f. toss the beef shanks, onions, ginger and garlic with the vegetable oil on a rimmed baking sheet and season generously with salt. roast, turning once halfway through, until the meat and vegetables are slightly charred, about 30 minutes. transfer to a large pot., meanwhile, toast the cinnamon sticks, star anise pods and peppercorns in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking the pan, 5 minutes., add the beef broth, 2 quarts water, the toasted spices and the fish sauce to the pot with the beef shanks. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. cook, skimming off any foam that rises to the top, until the meat is tender, 1 hour to 1 hour, 30 minutes. remove from the heat and transfer the beef shanks to a cutting board strain the broth through a finemesh sieve into another large pot. the broth can be made up to 2 days ahead let cool, then refrigerate in a covered container., shred the meat from the shanks with two forks, discarding any bits of cartilage, then stir back into the broth. discard the bones., cook the noodles as the label directs. divide the broth and shredded meat among bowls, then add the noodles and roast beef. top with the bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and red onion serve with hoisin sauce andor sriracha.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. toss the eggplants, potatoes, olive oil, 12 cup water and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl, then spread the vegetables on the baking sheet. roast until tender, about 45 minutes, tossing the vegetables about halfway through. set aside., meanwhile, make the meat sauce heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. add the onions and cook, stirring, until soft and beginning to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. add the tomato paste, oregano, cinnamon, garlic and ginger stir quickly to toast spices evenly. once fragrant, add 12 cup water to the pan and stir to combine, scraping up any brown bits. add the beef to the pan, stirring with a wooden spoon to break it up, and cook until lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. add the wine, vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. cook until the meat is fully cooked and the juices are reduced slightly, about 5 minutes. remove from the heat, stir in the parsley and set aside., make the bechamel put the milk and flour in a small saucepan and whisk until the flour is dissolved. place the pan over medium heat and whisk continuously until the mixture comes to a boil continue to whisk until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 10 to 12 minutes. add the nutmeg and 12 teaspoon salt. remove from the heat and whisk in 34 cup of the parmesan set aside., assemble the moussaka spray a 3quart baking dish with cooking spray. spread the eggplants and potatoes in the bottom of the dish, layer the meat sauce evenly over the vegetables, top with the bechamel and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup of parmesan. bake, uncovered, until the top is browned and slightly puffed, 35 to 40 minutes. garnish with parsley and serve hot., makeahead tip the unbaked casserole can be covered and refrigerated overnight before baking. the baked casserole can be frozen for up to 2 weeks cover with foil and reheat at 350 degrees f until hot, 35 to 45 minutes.heat a large soup pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat add 2 tablespoons of the oil. season the meat generously with salt and pepper. sear the meat on all sides until well browned this will take about 15 minutes. wipe the pan out with a paper towel. lower the heat to medium, add the oil to the pan. add the carrot, onion, and celery to the pan and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. return the meat to the pan with the water. bring to a boil, adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover, and cook for 1 12 hours or until the meat is just tender. add the thyme, barley, and tomato, continue to simmer the soup, covered, for 45 minutes., meanwhile, in a medium saute pan, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat, add the mushrooms and saute until golden, about 10 minutes. season the mushrooms with salt and pepper and add them to the soup, and simmer for 15 minutes more. remove the meat from the soup cut the meat from the bone and dice. skim any fat from the surface of the soup with a ladle or large spoon. return the meat to the soup with the parsley. season the soup with salt and pepper. serve in warm bowls.for the eggplant and meat sauce preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., brush both sides of the eggplant slices with 13 cup olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. arrange on a baking pan and bake, turning once, until tender and golden brown on both sides, about 30 minutes. reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees f., meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large wide pot over mediumhigh heat. add the beef and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring and breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 6 minutes. add the onion, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until softened, about 6 minutes. add the cinnamon, allspice and tomato paste and cook, stirring, 1 minute. add the wine and boil until reduced by about half, about 3 minutes. add the tomatoes and oregano and bring to a simmer, then simmer until slightly thickened and the flavors have blended, about 20 minutes. season to taste with salt and pepper., for the bechamel melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. gradually add the milk, whisking constantly and stopping occasionally to run a rubber spatula around the edges of the pan to prevent burning. increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a simmer, whisking constantly, then simmer 2 minutes. remove from the heat and add the goat cheese and parmesan, whisking until smooth. season with salt and pepper to taste. whisk in the egg yolks., arrange half of the eggplant in a single layer on the bottom of an 8inch square glass baking dish. top with half of the meat sauce. layer the remaining eggplant slices on top followed by the remaining meat sauce. top with an even layer of bechamel. place the baking dish on a foillined baking pan and bake until bubbling and the topping is golden brown in places, 20 to 30 minutes. let stand at least 20 minutes, then garnish with the parsley and serve.for the meat sauce heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large dutch oven over high heat. add the mushrooms, thyme and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms have released their liquid and begin to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. transfer the mushrooms to a plate and reserve., heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in the dutch oven over high heat. add the ground beef and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon, until it browns, about 5 minutes. add the remaining tablespoon of oil, onions, rosemary and oregano. reduce the heat to medium and cook until the onions soften, about 8 minutes. add the garlic and cook, stirring, until it is fragrant, about 2 minutes. add the wine, scrape up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan and reduce until dry, about 10 minutes. add the tomatoes, reserved mushrooms, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and bring to a boil over high heat. reduce the heat to medium and cook until the sauce is deep red and has reduced to 6 cups, about 40 minutes., for the bechamel meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350f. melt the butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, sprinkle in the flour and whisk to form a paste. add the milk while continuing to whisk, raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is thick and creamy and has reduced to6 cups, about 10 minutes. add the nutmeg and 1 teaspoon salt., to assemble butter the bottom of a 9by13inch lasagna dish and cover with 3 lasagna sheets. top with 112 cups each of the meat sauce and the bechamel and sprinkle with 14 cup of the parmesan. repeat with the remaining pasta, meat sauce, bechamel and parmesan for a total of 4 layers, ending with 12 cup of parmesan. cover with foil and bake until bubbly, about 40 minutes. uncover and bake until the top becomes golden, about 10 minutes more. let stand 20 minutes before serving.heat a large soup pot or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat add 2 tablespoons of the oil. season the meat generously with salt and pepper. sear the meat on all sides until well browned this will take about 15 minutes. set the meat aside and wipe the pan out with a paper towel. lower the heat to medium, add the oil to the pan. add the carrot, onion, and celery to the pan and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. return the meat to the pan with the water. bring to a boil, adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover, and cook for 1 12 hours or until the meat is just tender. add the thyme, barley, and tomato, continue to simmer the soup, covered, for 45 minutes., meanwhile, in a medium saute pan, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat, add the mushrooms and saute until golden, about 10 minutes. season the mushrooms with salt and pepper to taste, and add them to the soup, and simmer for 15 minutes more. remove the meat from the soup cut the meat from the bone and dice. skim any fat from the surface of the soup with a ladle or large spoon. return the meat to the soup with the parsley. season the soup with salt and pepper to taste. serve in warm bowls.in a large pot, submerge the oxtail in cold water, add 3 tablespoons salt and soak for 1 hour, then drain., to make the spice pouch, dry roast each ingredient separately in a frying pan over medium heat until fragrant., cool, then coarsely grind the spice using a mortar and pestle or small spice grinder. add the ground spices to the muslin square and tie up tightly in a knot. set aside., heat a barbecue grill or chargill pan over mediumhigh heat and grill the unpeeled garlic, onions and ginger evenly for 15 minutes in total until all sides are blackened., now peel the blackened skins and discard them, and then roughly chop. by doing this, the garlic, onion and ginger becomes sweet and fragrant, releasing more flavour into the stock., put the oxtail, brisket and 200 fluid ounces 6 litres cold water in a stockpot and bring to the boil. while the stock is boiling, constantly skim any impurities off the surface for 15 minutes this will ensure a clean, clear broth, then reduce the heat to a low simmer., add the fish sauce, remaining 1 tablespoon salt, rock sugar, garlic, onions, ginger, and spice pouch., cover and simmer for 3 hours, or until the stock has reduced to almost 12., strain the stock through a muslin cloth. remove the brisket, set aside to cool, then thinly slice., blanch each portion of noodles in boiling water for 20 seconds., drain, then transfer to a serving bowl., place 3 or 4 slices of brisket on top of the noodles, followed by 3 or 4 pieces of raw sirloin. pour over the hot stock to cover the noodles and beef., serve with 1 tablespoon spring onion, a pinch of black pepper, and a coriander sprig to each bowl., at the table, add chile, and a squeeze of lime.cut each spring onion in half lengthwise, then cut each length in half into 2 pieces, about 4 inches long. set aside., trim ends of asparagus spears so that just 4 inches of the floret end remains. set aside., lay out beef slices on a work surface, like tall rectangles. place a green and a white portion of onion and 1 piece of asparagus across the bottom of the beef rectangles. roll each portion tightly into a cylinder secure each portion with 1 or 2 toothpicks., brush each roll with teriyaki sauce., preheat the grill, grill pan or broiler. grill or broil for 3 minutes. turn over and baste each portion again with teriyaki sauce. cook for another 3 minutes., serve immediately.for the pepperpot wash the stewing beef and pat it dry with paper towels. cut the meat into cubes around 58inch thick and transfer to a large ovenproof casserole or heavybottomed saucepan. combine the beef with the liquid, thyme, ginger, onion, garlic, bay leaf, and allspice berries, then adjust the seasonings with salt, and pepper. bring the ingredients to a boil, skim the froth from the top of the liquid, cover with a lid, reduce the heat, and simmer for 30 minutes., peel the yams, sweet potatoes, and pumpkin. cut the yam into pieces the size of large potato wedges. cut the sweet potato and pumpkin into 1 12inch chunks. discard the pumpkin seeds. bash the green onions with a heavy knife to release their flavor. dice the chiles wear gloves, and add with the vegetables to the pot along with the coconut milk and lima beans. stir the ingredients, and simmer gently, covered, for another 25 to 35 minutes, or until the meat and vegetables are tender, and cooked through. add the greens around 13 minutes before the cooking time is up., for the dumplings mix the flour and salt together in a mixing bowl, and then gradually stir in the water to form a dough. pull off 24 small pieces from the dough 1 piece at a time, and roll them into rounds or long pointyended ovals. cooks note if you want bigger dumplings, use a doublesized piece of dough, and roll it into a round, pressing a small indentation into the top of it with your thumb., drop the dumplings into the hot pot immediately after rolling, around 8 minutes before the cooking time is up. taste the dumpling, and add extra salt, and pepper, if necessary.place tenderloin in the freezer for 2 hours., preheat the oven to 200 degrees f., remove the tenderloin from the freezer. using an electric knife, cut the beef into 38inch thick slices. place slices of beef, 1 at a time, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. squirt the beef lightly with water and squirt the top of the plastic wrap as well. pound to no less than 18inch thickness. lightly brush each slice of beef on both sides with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. set aside., heat a large cast iron skillet over high heat for 3 to 4 minutes. reduce heat to medium and turn skillet upside down over burner. brush the pan lightly with oil. place 2 to 3 slices of beef on the pan at a time and sear for 10 seconds on each side. remove to an ovenproof platter and keep in warm oven. repeat until all of the beef has been cooked. serve immediately.for the filling in a bowl, blend the bacon, beef, potatoes, carrots, onions, peas, garlic, salt, pepper, ginger and nutmeg, mixing well, ensuring not to break the peas. hold cold until construction., for the crust preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. portion the pastry in 8 triangles, allowing the dough to soften. next, brush the interior of the dough with egg wash. fill with 2 to 3 ounces of filling. bring the tip of the triangle to the edge to fold the sides and seal the pasties. press the sides down to seal and bake for 20 to 25 minutes.make the hot water crust pastry, recipe follows., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., to make the filling heat the olive oil in a saucepan set over a medium heat, add the onions, garlic, ginger, and season with salt, and pepper. cook the mixture until the onions are soft and slightly golden., grind the seeds in a mortar with a pestle, and then add to the pan with the beef, tomato puree, mustard and worcestershire sauce. cook over a medium heat, until the beef is cooked, about 15 minutes. add the peas for the last 1 to 2 minutes of cooking. add the chopped mint, then season with salt, and pepper, to taste, and allow to cool., roll the pastry dough out on a lightlyfloured work surface until it is approximately 116inch thick. using a small cup saucer or biscuit cutter, cut the dough into 4 12inch circles., lay 1 generous tablespoon of the mixture on one half of the circle, and brush the edge of the other half with the beaten egg, and then fold it over to form a semicircle. pinch the edges together to seal, making sure there is no air trapped inside, and mark or score the edges with a fork. repeat until all the circles and filling are used up., brush the tops with beaten egg, and bake in the oven until golden and a skewer inserted in the center of comes out hot, about 15 to 20 minutes. serve the pasties hot or at room temperature., place the butter and water in a mediumsized saucepan, and heat gently, stirring occasionally, until the butter melts, then bring the mixture to a rolling boil., meanwhile, sift the flour, turmeric, cayenne pepper, and salt into a large bowl. make a well in the middle of the flour, and add the egg. pour the hot liquid into the flour and stir with a wooden spoon to mix., spread the mixture out on a large plate with the wooden spoon and cool, about 15 minutes. then wrap in plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, or until firm. use according to the recipe you are making.put the beef bones, oxtail, beef chuck and 1 tablespoon salt in a large pot and add cold water to cover by 2 inches. bring to a boil over high heat and boil vigorously until the surface of the water is foamy, about 10 minutes. drain the bones and meat in a colander discarding the liquid and rinse well with cold water. clean the inside of the pot, put the blanched bones and meat back into it and add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. bring to a boil over high heat then reduce to mediumlow and simmer for 15 minutes, skimming and discarding any foam that rises to the surface., meanwhile char the onion and ginger over an open flame until well blackened on both sides. alternatively you may place them on a foillined baking sheet and broil on high, turning once, until well charred, about 10 minutes. add the onion, ginger, fish sauce, cloves, star anise, cinnamon, black peppercorns and rock sugar to the pot and continue to simmer. skim the surface of the soup often to remove the fat and foam that rises. if necessary, add water during cooking to keep the bones submerged. cook until a paring knife pierces the chuck easily and comes out with little resistance and the oxtail meat pulls easily away from the bone, 3 12 to 4 hours., remove the meat and bones from the pot with a slotted spoon or spider to a rimmed baking sheet. discard the larger bones and let the chuck and oxtail cool enough to handle, 10 minutes. meanwhile pour the broth through a finemesh strainer into a clean pot and keep hot over mediumlow heat. you should have about 12 cups of broth. put the rice noodles into a large bowl and cover with hot water. let the noodles soak until soft, 10 to 15 minutes, then drain and divide between 6 serving bowls., pick the oxtail meat from the bones and divide it between the bowls. thinly slice the beef chuck across the grain of the meat and divide it between the bowls. divide the sliced eye of round between the bowls and then ladle the hot broth over. top with the cilantro and onion and serve with the bean sprouts, basil, lime, sriracha and hoisin on the side.soak the currants in the sherry., meanwhile, heat the butter in a dutch oven or pot over medium heat. add the garlic and onions, then season with salt and pepper. sweat until the onions are very tender, then stir in the paprika and chili powder. stir in the sherry and currants., puree the peppers with 1 cup water until smooth, then add the pureed peppers to the dutch oven with the tomato sauce. stir in the almonds and the beef and tomato base, then bring to a simmer and let the flavors combine a few minutes. adjust the seasoning and remove from the heat., cool and store for a makeahead meal or serve immediately. reheat over medium heat, garnish with parsley and pass chips for dipping and topping., heat the oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. when the oil is very hot, pat the meat dry with paper towels and add half of the beef to the pan. crumble the beef with a potato masher or wooden utensil. cook to develop a deep brown color, season with salt and pepper, and then remove to a plate. repeat the process with the remaining beef. add the tomato paste to the pan and stir until fragrant. then add the stock and the browned beef. stir to combine, then reduce the heat to a simmer.1. for the empanada dough sift the flour and salt into a large bowl. cut in the butter using a pastry blender or your fingers until it resembles coarse meal with some peasize pieces., 2. mix the egg, water, and vinegar in small bowl. use a fork to stir the wet ingredients into the dry, until just incorporated and shaggy. turn the mixture onto a lightly floured surface, gather it together, and then knead just until the dough comes together. form into a flat disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and chill for at least 1 hour., 3. for the picadillo heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. saute the onion and garlic until browned, about 7 minutes. turn the heat to mediumhigh, add the beef, and cook thoroughly, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, about 10 minutes. stir in the tomato paste, chipotle puree, adobo, and salt and pepper to taste. cool before assembling the empanadas., 4. preheat the oven to 375 degrees f, or heat oil in a heavy pot to 350 degrees f. lightly flour a cutting board and roll the cold dough into a circle about j inch thick. cut the dough into 7 to 8inch disks. paint half of 1 disk with some egg white. place a scant 14 cup picadillo in the center and fold the dough over to form a halfcircle. crimp the edges closed with a fork. repeat with the remaining dough and filling. paint the tops of the empanadas with egg white. or make mini empanadas with 4 to 412inch circles and j cup of the filling. adjust the cooking time accordingly. bake the empanadas on rimmed baking sheets until golden brown, about 45 minutes, or deepfry for 3 minutes. serve.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add 1 tablespoon of oil, the onion and pepper and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. add the ground beef, fivespice, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. cook, breaking up the meat, until it begins to brown, about 5 minutes. stir in the tomatoes, olives and raisins. bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 2 minutes. season with salt and pepper., heat the remaining oil in a small skillet over medium heat. once the oil is shimmering, heat the tortillas, one at a time, in the hot oil until they bubble and darken slightly, about 10 seconds per side. drain on paper towels. spread about 12 cup ground beef picadillo mixture on the bottom of a 9 by13inch baking dish. put about 14 cup picadillo and 1 tablespoon cheddar down the center of each tortilla. roll tightly and lay them in the baking dish, seam side down. spoon the rest of the picadillo over the enchiladas and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. bake the enchiladas until the tortillas are slightly crisp and the cheese is melted, about 10 minutes.for the parsley sauce in the bowl of a food processor, blend together the parsley, garlic, vinegar, chili flakes, sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper until smooth. with the machine running, gradually add the olive oil until incorporated. place half of the mixture in a medium bowl. place the remaining mixture in a small serving bowl. cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve., for the beef pops place the beef in the medium bowl with the parsley sauce. toss well until the beef is coated with the mixture. cover and refrigerate for 3 hours., place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. thread the skewers starting with a piece of pineapple, then a cube of beef. repeat with another piece of pineapple and another cube of beef. continue with the remaining skewers. grill the skewers for 2 to 3 minutes each side for medium rare or until desired doneness. season with salt and pepper., to serve, arrange the beef pops on a serving platter. drizzle with the remaining reserved parsley sauce or serve the sauce on the side as a condiment.position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees f. heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until brick red, 1 minute. add the beef, 2 tablespoons water, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. remove from the heat and stir in 14 cup yogurt and 2 teaspoons vinegar. season with salt and pepper and transfer to a bowl. wipe out the skillet and return to medium heat. brush the pitas with 1 tablespoon olive oil, then lightly toast in the skillet, about 45 seconds per side. arrange the pitas on a baking sheet and top evenly with the beef mixture. transfer to the oven and bake 6 minutes. whisk the remaining 14 cup yogurt, 1 tablespoon each olive oil and vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. add the lettuce, beets and cucumber and toss. slice the pizzas and serve with the salad.melt the butter with the olive oil in a heavy pot. sear the meat over mediumhigh heat in batches until brown, 4 to 5 minutes remove to a plate., add the carrots, celery and shallots and saute until the vegetables start to wilt, about 5 minutes. reduce the heat to medium low, add the mustard, garlic and 1 tablespoon of the flour and saute for 1 minute. add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes. pour in the wine, beef broth and 1 cup water. add salt and pepper to taste and stir. bring to a boil. return the browned meat to the pot and reduce the heat to low. add the bay leaves and thyme sprigs, then cover and simmer for 30 to 45 minutes., after 45 minutes, mix the remaining 2 tablespoons flour with a little water and pour into the stew. cook and thicken for 10 more minutes. remove from the heat and set aside to cool completely., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., on a lightly floured work surface, roll out the puff pastry sheets one by one to get rid of the creases. set a 6 to 8inch ovensafe skillet upside down on a pastry sheet and cut a circle around it, making it 12 inch larger than the dish. repeat with the remaining 5 skillets using all of the pastry sheets discard the scraps., put the 6 skillets onto 2 baking sheets and fill the skillets with the cooled beef mixture. sprinkle over some chopped bacon and 12 teaspoon chopped parsley on each., top each skillet with a pastry circle, pressing along the edges to seal. mix together the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl to make an egg wash. brush each pastry lid with the egg wash. bake until the pastry is puffed and golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.into a slow cooker, put the onions, carrots, mushrooms, and potatoes., season the roast with salt and pepper. in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the meat on all sides in oil. when it is browned, put it in the slow cooker on top of the vegetables., in a small bowl, stir together the cream of celery soup, onion soup mix, beef broth, and steak sauce. pour over top of roast. cover and cook on high setting for 3 to 4 hours or low for 8 to 9 hours.directions, procedure filling is made in 2 parts and then combined the stew and the vegetables. the crust is partially baked before filling., the vegetables blanche the turnips and then the carrot chunks in rapidly boiling salted water until just tender, removing the vegetables from the water and immediately cooling them under running water to stop the cooking. microwave the peas in a 12 cup of water for 20 seconds or pour some of the hot blanching water over them and then drain. mix the vegetables together. this can also be done ahead, the same day as the pie will be served or even the night before, but dont freeze the vegetables., the stew cut beef into 1inch chunks and dry thoroughly with a paper towel. cut the bacon into 1inch pieces and brown slowly in the casserole. remove the bacon and set aside, and turn the heat to high. brown the beef quickly in the bacon fat. add olive oil if necessary. remove the beef from the casserole and set aside with the bacon. add the minced carrots, onions and celery and brown on medium high heat in the remaining fat. remove the vegetables from the pot and add to the reserved beef and bacon. add the clarified butter to the pot and sprinkle in the flour. stirring constantly, brown the flour on medium high heat until it is a dark, nut brown. return the bacon, beef and vegetables to the pot. stir to coat them with the browned flour and cook for 1 minute on mediumhigh heat. lower the heat, add the cayenne, wine, bouillon or stock, the tomato paste, the garlic and the herb bouquet tied in a cheesecloth. stir to mix well and simmer for at least 3, preferably 4, hours, stirring occasionally. when done the meat should be very tender. skim fat if necessary. check for seasoning. remove the meat from the gravy with a slotted spoon and set aside. remove and discard the herb bouquet. reserve the gravy in a separate container. the stew may be prepared to this point a 1 or 2 days ahead and kept refrigerated. it can also be frozen after preparation to be kept longer., the crust preheat oven to 400 degrees process the flour, butter, shortening, and salt until mixture is like coarse cornmeal. add the ice water and pulse processor a few times until dough begins to clump. do not overprocess. scrape dough onto a board, divide in half and put each half in a plastic bag. working through the bag, quickly press the dough into a ball. refrigerate dough for at least 1 hour. may be frozen at this point for future use. roll 1 of the balls out to about 18inch thick. butter the tart pans and line with the dough. roll the other ball of dough out and cut circular pieces about 18inch larger than the individual tart pans or 38inch if using the single 9 or 10inch pan. the circles for the top crust of the pot pie are cut larger because there will be shrinkage when it is baked. the edges can be crimped with a fork if desired. leftover dough can be cut into decorative shapes for the top crust., butter pieces of aluminum foil and line the crust in the tart pans with them. fill the foil with dried beans or rice to a depth of about 1inch  this will keep the crust from puffing when it is baked empty. place the top crust circles on a cookie sheet and prick with a fork. bake for about 10 minutes. crust should just start to brown. the top pieces will likely take a little less time. remove the aluminum foil and return the beans or rice to their container. leave the tart pan rings in place. the crust can be made up to 4 hours before the dish is assembled and served., assembly preheat oven to 400 degrees. if you have made the stew and gravy ahead of time, warm them separately on the stove until they just begin to simmer. add gravy back to the stew a little at a time until it is liquid enough but not too soupy. stir well to mix. the proportion will vary according to the cut of meat used and the actual cooking time. once youve made it a couple of times youll know how you like it. if there is leftover gravy, keep it warm on the stove while you bake the pie. mix the vegetables into the stew just before you assemble the pie. spoon the filling mixture into the partially baked pie shell. it should fill it right to the top. there may be some filling mixture left over. this is not a bad thing. bake for about 8 to10 minutes, until the crust starts to look quite brown at the edges and the filling is bubbling. allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. carefully remove rings from the pans and slide the pies onto warmed plates. if there is remaining gravy, serve on the side with the pie. garnish with chopped parsley.for the filling heat the oil for 1 minute in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. add the ground beef and cook for about 3 minutes, stirring with a spoon to keep the beef from clumping. then add the oregano, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste and cook for another 3 minutes. transfer the filling to a colander and drain the excess oil, then transfer it to a bowl and stir in the ricotta. refrigerate until ready to use., for the breading in a food processor, pulse the panko breadcrumbs to half of their original size this will allow them to bread the ravioli evenly. transfer the crumbs to a bowl and mix them well with the parmesan, parsley and salt and pepper to taste. set aside., for the dough slowly sift the allpurpose flour, semolina and 1 teaspoon of the salt into a bowl. in a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs, oil and 1 to 2 tablespoons of water. form the sifted flour into a mound on a counter and pour half the egg mixture into the center of the mound. start forming a dough with two fingers while supporting the mound of flour with the other hand, then add the remainder of the egg mixture once the original amount is absorbed. continue kneading the dough by hand until all the liquid has been absorbed, 5 to 6 minutes, dusting the work surface with flour as needed to prevent the dough from sticking. once the dough is mixed well, roll it into a ball, wrap with plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour., to assemble and fry split the rested dough into 2 balls and roll out each ball on a floured work surface to the thickness of a dime or run them through a pasta machine three times on thickness settings of 8, 5 and finally 2. score one of the sheets of rolled dough with a ravioli pin and fill each scored pocket with 1 teaspoon of the filling. brush the edges of the dough with egg wash, lay the second sheet of rolled pasta on top and then press and seal the individual ravioli with your fingers, ensuring that no air is trapped inside. cut and portion out the individual pieces., in a large heavybottomed saucepan, heat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees f. dredge the ravioli in the flour, followed by the egg wash, and finally the breading. working in batches, fry the ravioli for 3 minutes, flipping them once during the process. drain on paper towels, then serve with marinara sauce.heat a large, heavybottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat. season the meat generously with salt and pepper, to taste. add the oil to the skillet and heat just until beginning to smoke. brown the meat all over and sear the roast, turning as each side turns a deep mahogany, about 10 minutes. while the meat browns, put the flour into a medium bowl and whisk with about 1 12 cups of the chicken broth until smooth., crush the tomatoes through your fingers into the slow cooker stir in their juices, 3 tablespoons of the cognac, herbes de provence, and the 2 teaspoons salt., transfer the browned meat to the slow cooker. add the remaining 12 cup chicken broth to the skillet let it bubble for a minute and then stir with a wooden spoon to scrape up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. pour over the meat, then scatter the garlic, carrots, fennel, and onion over and around the meat. pour the flour mixture over. cover the cooker, set it on high, and cook for 4 hours. set the cooker on low and cook until the meat is very tender, up to 2 hours more for a total of 6 hours. transfer the meat to a cutting board. skim any excess fat off the top of the sauce in the cooker., to finish the sauce stir the remaining 1 tablespoon cognac, the tomato tapenade, parsley, and orange zest into the vegetables and sauce in the slow cooker. season with salt and pepper, to taste. slice the meat and lay the slices down the center of a serving platter. arrange the vegetables around the meat and spoon some sauce over the top. serve with hot buttered egg noodles. pass the remaining sauce.for the ragu preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., heat the oil in a large dutch oven over high heat. season the beef well with salt then sear it on all sides, about 8 minutes. add the tomatoes with their juices, wine, vinegar, fennel seeds, garlic, carrots, celery, bay leaves and onion. season the liquid with 1 tablespoon salt. bring to a simmer, cover and transfer to the oven. cook until the meat is almost tender, about 2 hours. uncover and cook until the meat is tender all the way through and falling off the bone, 30 to 45 minutes more., cool the meat in the braising liquid. remove and discard the bay leaves. place the meat on a cutting board and pull it into large bitesize chunks with 2 forks. remove any fat from the surface of the sauce and discard return the meat to the sauce. the dish can be prepared to this point up to 2 days ahead, the cooled, covered and refrigerated., for the pasta mix the semolina flour and 1 teaspoon salt in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. add the eggs, yolks, lemon zest and juice and pepper mix slowly to make a rough dough. switch to the dough hook attachment and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes. form the dough into a ball by hand cover with plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature for 1 hour., divide the dough into 10 pieces and cover with a towel. roll the dough with a pasta machine into sheets to setting number 6. dust with semolina and lay on baking sheets dry for 15 minutes. then cut into fettuccini with the appropriate attachment. dust with semolina and set aside on baking sheets dry for at least 1 hour., bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. add the fettuccini and cook, stirring frequently, until al dente, about 4 minutes. drain and toss with the grated pecorino. transfer to serving plates. spoon the meat sauce over the pasta and sprinkle with the parsley., copyright 2006 television food network, g.p., all rights reserved.make the dough pulse the flour and fine salt in a food processor to combine. add the butter and cheese and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with some peasize bits of butter. drizzle in 6 tablespoons beer and pulse to combine. squeeze the dough between your fingers if it does not hold its shape, pulse in up to 1 more tablespoon beer. pat the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight., meanwhile, make the filling preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. toss the beef, flour, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. melt the butter in a dutch oven or large ovenproof pot over mediumhigh heat. add the beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned all over, about 7 minutes. add the beer and 2 cups water, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. bring to a simmer, then cover, transfer to the oven and braise, 30 minutes. add the leeks, carrots and celery to the pot and continue braising, 1 more hour., meanwhile, put six 10ounce ramekins on a parchmentlined baking sheet. roll out the dough between 2 lightly floured sheets of parchment into a 10by15inch rectangle cut into six 5inch squares. make a few slits in the middle of each square to let steam escape. remove the filling from the oven and increase the temperature to 375 degrees f. season the filling with salt and pepper and divide among the ramekins there may be some filling left over. top each with a square of dough, pressing the edges into the ramekin. brush with the beaten egg. bake until the crust is crisp and golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. let rest about 10 minutes before serving. photograph by anna williamsplace the beef shank in a large heavy stock pot. add enough cold water to cover the beef shank completely. add the onion, carrot, celery, garlic cloves, and bay leaves. season with 2 tablespoons of salt and 1 tablespoon of peppercorns. bring to a boil, cover, and reduce heat to a simmer. cook until the meat is fully cooked and tender, about 2 hours. be sure to constantly skim the fat from the surface of the liquid while cooking., remove the meat from the pot and let cool. strain the liquid and return to the pot. add the hominy and bring to a boil. lower the heat to a simmer. season with salt and pepper, to taste., using a fork, shred the meat into thin pieces and return to the pot adding 1 cup of water, if necessary. season with salt and pepper, to taste. simmer for 5 minutes., serve hot, garnished with cabbage, radishes, lime wedges, dried oregano, tostadas, and pasillaguajillo salsa, if using., soak the chiles and garlic cloves in warm water until the chiles are soft. place the chiles, garlic, and water in a blender and process until smooth. season with salt and pepper, to taste. serve with beef pozole as a garnish.begin by toasting the fennel seeds in a dry pan over mediumhigh heat. toast for 4 or 5 minutes, until they become fragrant toss occasionally as they toast so they dont burn. transfer to a spice grinder and grind to a fine powder., rinse the ribs in cool water and pat dry with paper towels. unless your butcher has already done so, remove the membrane from the back and trim off any excess fat. combine the dry rub ingredients in a small bowl and mix well. coat both sides of the meat with a heavy layer of the dry rub. refrigerate overnight, uncovered., heat half the grill to medium to create indirect heat., set out a few large sheets of foil one for each slab. divide the sliced onion and thyme between the sheets and spread them out evenly. place 1 rack on each sheet, meat side down, and fold the foil over to form a sealed pouch around each rack. place each pouch on a roasting tray to keep foil from getting pierced and letting steam out and grill it over indirect heat for 2 hours., open the foil and peel it back so the ribs are exposed. carefully turn the meat over so the meat side is on top, then cook for 1 12 hours with the foil open. when done, the ribs will be tender and the meat will have shrunk back from the bones., for the last 10 minutes, remove the ribs from the foil and place them directly on the hot side of the grill. brush with the orange bbq sauce and allow the heat to caramelize the sauce and crisp the exterior, then flip the ribs and brush the other side for the final 5 minutes. serve with additional sauce., whisk together all the ingredients in a medium saucepan and simmer over mediumlow heat for 25 to 30 minutes, until it reaches a ketchuplike consistency.toss the broccoli slaw, radishes and 2 tablespoons cilantro in a large bowl. add the lime juice and 1 tablespoon olive oil season with salt and pepper and toss. set aside., heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the beef, chili powder and cumin and season with salt and pepper. cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. stir in the salsa. transfer the mixture to a bowl and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons cilantro set aside. wipe out the skillet., spread the beef mixture on one half of each tortilla and top with the cheese fold in half to cover the filling. heat 12 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over medium heat. add 2 quesadillas and cook until the cheese melts and the tortillas are golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. transfer to a cutting board. repeat with the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil and quesadillas., cut the quesadillas into wedges. serve with more salsa and the broccoli slaw.heat the olive oil in a large frying pan on mediumhigh heat. season the roast with salt and pepper. brown the roast on all sides, remove to a plate, and set aside., in a medium bowl, combine the tomato sauce, madeira, and garlic. set aside., to a slow cooker add the onions and carrots. add the browned roast and any accumulated juices. pour the sauce mixture over the top of roast., cover and cook on low setting for 8 hours.preheat oven to 425 degrees f., season the ribs with salt, pepper, and 14 cup of chili powder. place the ribs on a baking sheet and roast for 25 minutes. turn the ribs over and continue to roast for another 20 minutes., heat a large 12quart pot over medium heat. cook the onions in vegetable oil for about 5 minutes. add the garlic, tomato paste, cumin, coriander, oregano, remaining chili powder and cook for 1 minute. add the tequila, and cook for 1 minute. add the tomatoes and bay leaves. bring mixture to a boil and add oven roasted ribs. cover pot and reduce heat, simmering for 2 hours or until the meat is falling off the bone., remove pot from the heat and pull meat away from the bones, discarding the bones. add cooked black beans and heat through. adjust seasoning with salt and black pepper., to serve, garnish with the cilantro and parsley. serve with cornbread., remove the stems from the dried chiles. roughly chop dried chiles. in batches, place chiles, their seeds, cumin, oregano, paprika and cinnamon, into the food processor. grind together until it resembles a rough powder. this will take several minutes., chili powder can be stored for up to 2 months., place black beans in a large pot and cover with twice as much cold water. cook over mediumhigh heat for 1 hour or until beans are soft. strain and set aside., preheat oven to 400 degrees f., place the corn on a baking sheet and roast for 10 minutes. cool completely, about 20 minutes., combine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. in a separate bowl, beat together the buttermilk, butter, and egg. combine the jalapeno and cooled corn with the dry ingredients until evenly distributed. fold the buttermilk mixture into the dry ingredients until just incorporated see cooks note. pour the batter into a well seasoned 9inch cast iron frying pan and bake for 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the bread comes out clean.heat the oil in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onion, garlic, parsley and black pepper and cook until the onion is tendercrisp, stirring often. stir the stock in the skillet and heat to a boil. remove the skillet from the heat., place the beef in a roasting pan and brush with the stock mixture. roast at 350 degrees f for 1 hour or to desired doneness, brushing occasionally with the stock mixture. remove the beef from the roasting pan., stir the flour in the skillet. stir the flour mixture in the roasting pan. cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture boils and thickens. serve the gravy with the beef.put the noodles in a bowl cover with warm water and soak at least 20 minutes. meanwhile, whisk the peanut butter, soy sauce, ginger, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. add the beef and mix with a spoon to combine., heat 1 tablespoon peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. add the shallots and cook, stirring, until softened, about 4 minutes. add the broccoli slaw and cook, stirring, until it starts wilting, about 3 minutes. transfer the vegetables to a medium bowl. heat the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil in the skillet, then add the beef mixture. cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 7 minutes., meanwhile, gently stir the noodles to separate. reserve 12 cup soaking water, then drain the noodles. return the vegetables to the skillet with the beef and stir to combine. add the noodles, the reserved soaking water and the sriracha. cook, gently tossing, until warmed through, about 4 minutes. top each serving with the cilantro serve with lime wedges and more sriracha.combine marinade ingredients in a shallow pan or bowl. add beef and marinate, in the refrigerator, for 1 to 3 hours. meanwhile, soak wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes., preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. skewer the meat and then grill for 2 to 3 minutes or until the desired degree of doneness. serve with peanut sauce., heat peanut oil in a saute pan over low heat. add garlic and sweat cook until it softens and releases moisture but does not color over low heat until fragrant, approximately 1 minute. add the chile peppers and continue to cook for another minute. add remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer. adjust the consistency with additional water, if necessary.for the braised beef heat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. then add the beef shanks, browning deeply on each side, about 5 minutes per side. set aside., add the ginger, dried chiles and scallions and saute until fragrant. add the soy sauce, wine, sugar, cloves, fennel, white pepper, star anise, cardamom and cinnamon stick. return the beef to the pot, add enough water to cover and bring to a simmer. cover and cook gently until tender when pierced with a fork, about 2 hours., shred the beef with forks and set aside. reserve 6 tablespoons of the braising liquid and mix with the hoisin sauce in a small bowl until smooth., for the wraps combine the flour, water and oil and knead until smooth and pliable, about 5 minutes the dough should be slightly tacky. cover with plastic wrap and rest for 10 to 15 minutes. the resting is important, dont skip it, roll the dough out into a 10by14inch rectangle and then roll into a log. cut into 6 pieces. on a lightly floured surface, press down on your small piece of dough and roll into a circle, about 14inch thick. let rest for 10 minutes., stretch each circle out until you can see light coming through the dough. set aside with a damp cloth on top. when ready to use, heat up a little oil on a griddle or large saute pan over medium high heat the pan should be hot but not smoking. place the wrap in the pan and cook until golden brown on one side. then flip and cook until just cooked on the other side. repeat with the remaining wraps., to assemble brush 1 tablespoon of the hoisin sauce evenly onto the less cooked side of the wrap. evenly layer the beef onto the wrap. add the cilantro, cucumber and scallions. roll up, slice and enjoyarrange onion, sweet potatoes, parsnips and celery root in bottom of slow cooker. season beef all over with salt and black pepper. rub flour all over beef. place roast on top of vegetables in slow cooker., whisk together tomatoes, maple syrup, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, and onion powder. pour mixture over beef., cover and cook on low for 12 hours or on high for 8 hours., remove beef from slow cooker and shred with 2 forks. serve 13 of shredded beef with this meal and all of the vegetables and refrigerate remaining beef for another use.preheat oven to 300 degrees f., in a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. season the chuck roast with salt and pepper. sear until nicely browned on all sides, about 2 minutes. add the onions, carrots, garlic, oregano, cumin, cinnamon stick, tomatoes and beef stock. make a slit in the scotch bonnet or habanero pepper and add it to the sauce. cover with a lid and braise in the oven until the meat is fork tender, about 1 12 hours. remove from oven, fold in the green olives, capers and parsley and serve over rice, if desired.preheat oven to 375 degrees f., heat the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. add the onion, carrots, celery, mushrooms, garlic, half the salt, and oregano. cook until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. stir in the tomato paste and cook until mushrooms are soft and tomato paste has turned brick red, about 8 minutes more. stir in the beef, the broth, the remaining salt, the worcestershire, and some pepper, breaking up any large clumps of meat, cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 3 minutes., transfer the meat and vegetables to a 2quart oval casserole dish and spread the mashed potatoes over the top, leaving a 14inch boarder around the edge. make a decorative pattern on the top of the potatoes, if desired. sprinkle with cheese, if using, and dot with the remaining tablespoon of butter. bake until potatoes brown and the juices bubble around the edge, about 40 minutes. let cool for 10 minutes before serving., put the potatoes in a saucepan with cold water to cover by about 1inch and add the salt. bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 15 minutes. at the same time, combine the milk and butter in a small saucepan and warm over low heat until the butter is melted. remove from the heat and cover to keep warm., drain the potatoes and return to the saucepan. toss the potatoes over medium heat until dry. add the heated milk mixture and mash the potatoes until just slightly chunky, then stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste.in a blender, blend the soy sauce, mirin, sake, black pepper, daikon radish, asian pear, apple and garlic until smooth., rub the short ribs with the vegetable oil and season with ample kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. set a large castiron pan over high heat, and, when very hot, sear the ribs until goldenbrown on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes per side. only sear as many ribs as will fit comfortably in the pan work in batches if necessary. resist the urge to turn the meat before each surface has formed a crust. trust us, it will pay off in the end drain the seared ribs of their fat., place the seared meat at the bottom of a slow cooker. add the potatoes, onion, carrot and mushrooms on top. cover with a layer of rice cakes then pour in soy sauce mixture and stock on top. the sauce may have settled, so give it a good stir before pouring., cook on the slow cookers low setting until the meat is fork tender and falls off the bone, about 6 hours., alternatively, if not using a slow cooker if youre not down with the electric cooker, that is very much ok. sear the meat in a dutch oven, drain the fat, and layer in the vegetables, rice cakes, sauce and beef stock and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to very low and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until the meat is fork tender, about 2 hours.directions, 1. in a small heavy skillet, combine the cashews and coriander seeds and place over medium heat. cook, shaking the skillet frequently, until the cashews are lightly browned and the coriander is fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes., 2. in a food processor, combine the toasted cashews, coriander, shallots, garlic, ginger, sambal, fish sauce, brown sugar, and lime juice process until almost smooth., 3. slice the beef against the grain into 14inch thick slices. thread the beef onto the skewers. coat the beef with the cashew mixture, cover, and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight., 4. prepare a grill for high heat cooking. brush the grill grate with oil. grill the skewers, turning once, until the beef is browned, 4 to 5 minutes. serve over pickled cucumber salad with lime wedges., pickled cucumber salad, 1. toast the coriander seeds in small hot pan over medium heat until fragrant, 3 to 5 minutes., 2. combine the toasted coriander with the vinegar, sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, and chile in a large shallow pan. bring to a boil over medium heat and cook 5 minutes., 3. turn off the heat and add the cucumbers and carrots let sit, covered, 20 minutes. drain the cucumber and carrot mixture.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. place the short ribs on a sheet pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and roast for 15 minutes. remove from the oven. reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees f., meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large dutch oven and add the fennel, leek, onion, celery and carrots and cook over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. add the garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. add the tomato paste and wine, bring to a boil and cook over high heat until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. add 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. tie the rosemary and thyme together with kitchen twine and add to the pot., place the roasted ribs on top of the vegetables in the dutch oven and add the brown sugar and beef stock. bring to a simmer over high heat. cover the dutch oven and bake for 2 hours or until the meat is very tender., carefully remove the short ribs from the pot and set aside. discard the herbs and skim the excess fat. cook the vegetables and sauce over medium heat for 20 minutes, until reduced. put the ribs back into the pot and heat through. serve with the vegetables and sauce.1heat oil in large skillet over medium heat until hot. add onion and 3 cloves garlic cook and stir 2 to 3 minutes or until onion is tender. 2add red peppers, wine, tomato paste and thyme, stirring until tomato paste is blended. combine broth and cornstarch in small bowl, mixing until smooth. stir into pepper mixture bring to a boil. reduce heat to mediumlow simmer 10 to 12 minutes or until slightly thickened, stirring occasionally. keep warm. 3meanwhile cut beef steak into 114 x 114 x 1inch pieces. combine pepper, salt, paprika and 1 clove garlic in large bowl. add beef toss to coat. thread beef pieces evenly onto six 12inch metal skewers, leaving small space between pieces. 4place kabobs on grid over medium, ashcovered coals. grill, covered, 5 to 7 minutes over medium heat on preheated gas grill, 7 to 9 minutes for medium rare 145f to medium 160f doneness, turning occasionally. to broil, place kabobs on rack in broiler pan so surface of beef is 3 to 4 inches from heat. broil about 9 to 11 minutes for medium rare 145f to medium 160f doneness, turning once.for the short ribs preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. in a bowl, mix together the steak spice and brown sugar and then coat the short ribs with the mixture., in a large skillet, heat some oil over high heat until hot. sear the ribs to create a crispy outer coating. place the ribs in a large roasting pan and set aside., in the same skillet, cook the garlic, onions and carrots over mediumhigh until the vegetables have sweated, 10 to 15 minutes. add a bit of the beer to deglaze the pan. pour the vegetables over the ribs in the roasting pan. add the rest of the beer, the cola and about 4 cups water to the roasting pan and make sure the meat is completely submerged. cover, transfer to the oven and cook for about 2 hours. remove the cover and continue cooking an additional hour., for the pickled carrots and onions meanwhile, in a large pot, whisk together the vinegar, granulated sugar and 12 34 cups water until the sugar is completely dissolved. bring to a boil, then let cool slightly. put the carrots and onions in the quick pickling liquid for about 1 12 hours. refrigerate., when the short ribs are done, remove from the juices and set aside. strain the liquid and then place in a pan and reduce over low heat to use as a jus for the ribs., scoop the short ribs into the lettuce cups and drizzle with a small amount of jus. top with the pickled carrots and onions. serve 2 lettuce wraps per person.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., tomatillo salsa, combine all ingredients except cilantro, over medium heat, and cook for 10 minutes in 12 cup olive oil. a little caramelization is okay. puree in a blender. add chopped cilantro and keep warm., beef short rib enchiladas, in a saute pan, over high heat, season short ribs with salt and pepper and sear all sides until golden brown. remove from pan and set aside., in a large pot, over medium heat, combine the next 8 ingredients and cook in 12 cup of olive oil until tender. add chipotles, tomatoes, cumin, and tomato paste. cook until all liquid has evaporated. deglaze with tequila and cook for 2 minutes. season with salt and pepper., add short ribs and orange to mixture and cover with chicken stock. bring to a boil, cover, and place in the preheated oven for approximately 4 hours or until meat is falling apart., remove meat from liquid and let cool. puree the liquid and vegetables, except orange and strain through fine mesh strainer. season with salt and pepper., shred meat and let cool. combine meat with cilantro, sliced scallions, and queso fresco. roll desired amount into corn tortillas., reserve serving suggestion, preheat oven to 400 degrees f., ten minutes before serving, place the short rib enchiladas in a saute pan with a little of the braising sauce, into the preheated oven. ladle 3 ounces of sauce onto the plate. place 12 cup of steamed white rice on the sauce. place hot enchiladas on top. top with 2 ounces of tomatillo salsa. to add some crunch, top with fried blue corn tortilla chips.for the short ribs sear short ribs, then add to a pressure cooker with red wine, garlic, carrot, onion and thyme. cook on high pressure for 45 minutes to 1 hour. cool and let pressure release, then open and remove short ribs from the liquid. strain the liquid, reduce to a glaze and glaze the meat., boil the orecchiette until tender in salted boiling water. strain and mount with butter., for the mushroom puree chop the mushrooms and saute lightly in a saucepot. deglaze with madeira and reduce. deglaze with cream and reduce until mushrooms are tender. blend until smooth., for the mushrooms preheat a woodburning oven. toss the mushrooms in the melted butter. put on a sheet tray, cover with the thyme and roast in a woodburning oven until tender., for the lemon creme fraiche combine the creme fraiche, lemon juice, lemon zest and some black pepper., sauce the bottom of the plate with the mushroom puree, then top with orecchiette, mushrooms, glazed meat and a dollop of the lemon cream.for the beef shawarma trim and clean hangar steak and slice 14inch thick. in stainless mixing bowl, combine the cardamom, garlic, garam masala, bay leaves, cinnamon sticks, and 2 tablespoons salt and mix well. add the steak and toss to coat. transfer to appropriate container, cover and marinate for at least 4 hours or overnight., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. place marinated beef in 2inch hotel pan or roasting pan and cover with heavyduty foil. cook until tender but with no running juice, about 10 minutes. remove from oven and allow meat to rest for a few minutes before serving. serve with chimichurri sauce., for the chimichurri sauce rinse the parsley, mint, and basil in cold water to wash and remove any dirt. drain herbs and lay out on paper to dry. please allow herbs to dry naturally. chop herbs to a roughchopped stage and set aside. in a mixing bowl, combine the olive oil blend, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, chili flakes, white pepper, rice vinegar, apple cider vinegar, and lemon juice and mix to create a dressing. fold in herbs and mix well. allow chimichurri sauce to marinate for at least 30 minutes before using it will develop the earthy, herb flavor.make the horseradish cream mix the horseradish, mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard, sugar, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. cover and chill at least 2 hours., make the sliders melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the bun bottoms, cutside down, and cook until golden set aside. melt 1 more tablespoon butter in the skillet and toast the bun tops until golden set aside., season the beef generously with salt and pepper. heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. working in batches, add the beef and cook until browned but still pink in the center, about 2 minutes per side. you can also cook the tenderloin in one piece brown on all sides, then roast in a 425 degrees f oven, 10 to 15 minutes. let rest, then slice into 12 pieces., assemble the sliders put a slice of beef on each bun bottom. top each with a generous spoonful of the horseradish cream, some onion rings and a bun top.in a large dutch oven heat the oil and brown the ribs on all sides. add the carrots, celery, onion, and garlic. continue to cook for about 2 to 3 minutes. add the tomato paste and cook stirring slowly for 3 more minutes. optional you can dust the short ribs at this time with flour to help thicken the sauce. add the rest of the ingredients and cover. cook for about 2 hours on low heat simmer or until the meat begins to pull from the bone. when done remove from the pan and strain the liquid. you can now thicken the sauce or leave as is and season with salt and pepper. serve with truffle mashed potatoes and haricots verts., truffle mashed potatoes are standard mashed potatoes with chopped black truffles and a little truffle oil added to them.combine the braised short ribs and spinach in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. set aside., bring a large pot of water to a boil and season with salt., using a rolling pin and pasta machine, roll out the fresh pasta dough into a long sheet about 116 inch thick. use flour as necessary to keep the surfaces from sticking. with a knife, cut the long sheet into 2 equal sheets. cut each sheet into 4 equal squares, about 4 inches per side dont worry if theyre slightly rectangular., divide the meat mixture among 4 of the pasta squares the filling should come 12 inch from the edges. on each raviolo, press a small hole into the center of the filling and top with an egg yolk. brush the edges of the pasta with a small amount of water, and top each with another square of pasta. carefully seal the edges, making sure no air pockets are present., blanch the raviolo in the boiling water for 2 minutes, just to cook the pasta and warm the filling through. transfer to a large saute pan and add the butter, a small amount of the pasta water, the parmigianoreggiano and lemon zest and juice. reduce the liquid until the pasta is glazed. serve hot., in a mixer with a paddle attachment, combine the flour, egg yolks, milk, olive oil and salt and mix until the dough begins to clump., empty the contents of the bowl onto a clean surface and knead until the pasta dough is a smooth yellow and has become elastic, about 2 minutes. if the dough is underkneaded it will crack when you are rolling it out. wrap in plastic wrap and let rest 10 minutes before rolling out., one day before cooking, season the short ribs liberally with salt. allow the meat to marinate in the refrigerator, uncovered, overnight., the next day, preheat the oven to 250 degrees f. pat the short ribs dry with a paper towel., heat a castiron dutch oven over mediumhigh to high heat. add enough canola oil to coat the bottom of the pot and sear the short ribs until they are brown and crusty. remove the short ribs from the pot and let them rest., drain the scorched oil from the pot and add a thin film of fresh canola oil. add the carrots, celery, garlic, ginger and onions. reduce the heat to medium and sweat the vegetables until theyre translucent. scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon to loosen the brown bits. add the tomatoes and continue to saute until the tomatoes begin to soften and break down. add the star anise and cinnamon. add the red wine and let it reduce by half., add the short ribs back to the pot and add enough cold water to just cover the ribs. bring the liquid to a simmer skim off the scum and then cover the pot. transfer to the oven and let the short ribs braise until theyre nearly falling apart, perhaps 3 hours., remove the short ribs from the liquid and let them rest. strain the braising liquid and then return it to the pot. discard the solids, except the garlic. reduce the braising liquid over mediumhigh heat until it starts to thicken., remove the bones and excess fat from the ribs and pull the meat. add enough of the liquid to the shredded meat to moisten the mixture. add the braised garlic cloves, mashing them with a fork. season with salt and pepper as needed. yield 6 to 8 servingsdirections, heat the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. add the onion, carrots, celery, mushrooms, garlic, half the salt, and oregano. cook until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. stir in the tomato paste and cook until mushrooms are soft and tomato paste has turned brick red, about 8 minutes more. stir in the beef, the broth, the remaining salt, the worcestershire, and some pepper, breaking up any large clumps of meat, cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 3 minutes., transfer the meat and vegetables to a 2quart oval casserole dish and spread the mashed potatoes over the top, leaving a 14inch boarder around the edge. make a decorative pattern on the top of the potatoes, if desired. sprinkle with cheese, if using, and dot with the remaining tablespoon of butter. bake until potatoes brown and the juices bubble around the edge, about 40 minutes. let cool for 10 minutes before serving., put the potatoes in a saucepan with cold water to cover by about 1inch and add the salt. bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 15 minutes. at the same time, combine the milk and butter in a small saucepan and warm over low heat until the butter is melted. remove from the heat and cover to keep warm., drain the potatoes and return to the saucepan. toss the potatoes over medium heat until dry. add the heated milk mixture and mash the potatoes until just slightly chunky, then stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste.special equipment a 10by15inch rimmed baking sheet, preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. cut the onion in half, and shred each half on the large holes of a box grater. squeeze the shredded onion dry between 2 towels, and scatter around a 10by15inch rimmed baking sheet., put the ground beef, egg, breadcrumbs and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl, and mix gently, just enough to incorporate evenly. drop mounds of the mixture all around the baking sheet, and press them into an even layer without disturbing the onions too much but expect some of the onions to move around and peek through the meat. brush the top of the meat with the vegetable oil, then season it evenly with 12 teaspoon salt and several grinds of fresh pepper. score the meat into 24 squares, cutting completely through with a spatula., bake until browned and no longer pink in the middle, 8 to 9 minutes. put a small square of cheese on each patty, and return to the oven to melt, about 30 seconds. let rest a few minutes, then recut along the scores to separate., top each patty with a slice of tomato and pickle. slide a spatula into the pan, and let guests serve themselves. serve alongside a platter with the buns and lettuce. dont forget the ketchup and mustard.make the special sauce stir all the sauce ingredients together in a small bowl. season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside., make the sliders mix the ground beef, garlic and onion powders, salt, worcestershire sauce and pepper in a large bowl. form the meat mixture into ten 2inch patties., heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. add enough canola oil to coat the pan and heat until the oil is smoking. add the patties and cook, flipping once, until heavily caramelized on both sides, 4 to 6 minutes for medium rare. top each patty with a slice of cheese. transfer the patties to a plate. wipe out the pan, add the butter and melt over low heat. add the buns cutside down and toast them in the butter., spread the chipotle special sauce on both cut sides of each bun. place a patty and a piece of lettuce on each bun. top each slider with a pickled jalapeno strip and a pickled carrot slice, securing them with a bamboo pick.preheat oven to 400 degrees f. coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray., for asparagus arrange asparagus on baking sheet and season with salt and black pepper. wrap garlic cloves in foil and place on baking sheet next to asparagus. roast for 15 minutes, until asparagus and garlic are golden brown. remove from oven., for tacos while the asparagus is roasting, in a large skillet on mediumhigh heat, combine beef, chili sauce, green chiles, and chili powder and bring to a simmer for 5 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed., for garlicavocado cream in a medium bowl, combine roasted garlic, sour cream and avocado. mash with a fork until blended and smooth. season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., for the salsa chop 14 of the asparagus into small pieces, making about 1 cup, reserve remaining asparagus for soup, about 4 cups. in a medium bowl, combine chopped asparagus, diced tomato, cilantro, lime juice, and cumin. season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper., to serve, spoon beef into tortillas and top with shredded lettuce and cheese. serve garlicavocado cream and asparagus salsa on the side.combine the beef chuck cubes and the bone with 10 cups water, garlic and onion in large pot. sprinkle with the salt and bring to a boil. cover and reduce to a simmer. simmer for 30 minutes. then uncover and skim off the foam and grease. add the carrots, celery stick, chayote squash, corn, zucchini and cabbage. cover, and continue simmering for 30 more minutes. turn the heat off and serve hot with lime wedges, hot sauce and warm corn tortillas.1.combine 12 cup salsa, chili powder and 1 teaspoon cumin. place beef steaks and marinade in foodsafe plastic bag turn to coat. close bag securely and marinate in refrigerator 6 hours or as long as overnight, turning occasionally., 2.combine 1 cup beans, remaining 12 cup salsa and 12 teaspoon cumin in medium microwavesafe bowl. mash with fork into chunky paste. cover and microwave on high 1 to 2 minutes or until hot, stirring once. keep warm., 3.meanwhile, heat 112 teaspoons oil in large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. remove steaks from marinade discard marinade. cooking in batches, place steaks in skillet do not overcrowd and cook 2 to 3 minutes for medium rare 145f doneness, turning once. do not overcook. remove steaks from skillet keep warm. repeat with remaining steaks and oil., 4.spread bean mixture evenly on tortillas. cut steaks into 4 pieces each and divide evenly among tortillas. top beef with remaining beans and toppings, as desired. fold tortillas in half to serve., beef. its whats for dinner1 rub beef steaks evenly with ginger. place steaks on rack in broiler pan so surface of beef is 3 to 4 inches from heat. broil 13 to 17 minutes for medium rare 145°f to medium 160°f doneness, turning once. 2 meanwhile, combine brown sugar, soy sauce and vinegar in small bowl, stirring until sugar dissolves. reserve 2 tablespoons mixture for serving. prepare broccoli according to package directions drain. toss with remaining soy mixture. keep warm. 3 carve steaks into slices. drizzle reserved 2 tablespoons soy mixture over beef. serve with broccoli.heat a large dutch oven with a tightfitting lid over mediumhigh heat. pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 14inch deep. season the beef generously with salt and pepper, and add to the pan. saute half the meat, uncovered, stirring only occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 8 minutes. using a slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a plate. repeat with the remaining beef. discard the oil and wipe out the pan., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. return the pot to the stove and melt the butter over medium high heat. add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. add the reserved beef and scatter the flour over the vegetable and beef mixture enough to lightly coat and cook stirring until lightly toasted. add the water or broth, and bring to a simmer. tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaves together with a piece of kitchen twine and add the bundle to the pot. season with 2 teaspoons salt, or to taste. cover and transfer to the oven. cook the meat until just tender, about 1 12 hours. this can also be done on the stove at a low simmer., remove pot from the oven. skim the fat from the cooking liquid with a spoon or ladle. add the potatoes, carrots, celery, and the tomatoes, and bring to a simmer on top of the stove. cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the liquid thickens and the vegetables are tender, about 1 hour. remove and discard the herb bundle. stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper, to taste. divide among bowls and serve immediately., copyright 2003 television food network, g.p. all rights reservedpat the meat dry, sprinkle with kosher salt and freshly ground pepper and dredge in flour., heat 2 tablespoons oil in large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. once hot and ripping, add half the meat and brown, and then remove to plate. repeat with the second batch of meat. once all the meat is evenly browned, reduce the heat a bit and add another drizzle of oil if necessary. then add the onions, garlic and bay and cook to soften, 7 to 8 minutes. add the tomato paste and stir a minute. then stir in the beer and reduce by half, a minute or 2 more. add the worcestershire, stock, horseradish and beef. add just enough water to surround the meat and partially cover. simmer over mediumlow heat for 2 hours, until very tender. cool and store in the fridge for a makeahead meal., to serve, quarter the potatoes, cover with water in a medium pot and bring to boil. salt the water and cook to justtender, 10 to 12 minutes, tops. drain and return to the hot pot. add the butter and parsley and stir to melt the butter., place a small pile of buttered potatoes in each shallow bowl, top with stew and garnish with watercress leaves. serve with pumpernickel or sourdough bread., cooks note when storing bread in your kitchen for a few days, wrap tightly in plastic to keep tender, and crisp in a hot oven. do not refrigerate.in a large stew pot over mediumhigh heat, add 4 tablespoons olive oil. add onions, carrots, celery, garlic, cornstarch, tomatoes, turmeric, and red pepper flakes. saute for 5 to 7 minutes., add the stew beef and the beef stock. add salt and pepper to taste. reduce heat and let stew simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes. stir periodically. serve hot.set a 12inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat. add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil to the pan and season the beef with 1 teaspoon of the salt, 1 teaspoon essence and 12 teaspoon of the black pepper. sear the beef in 2 batches in the saute pan for about 2 or 3 minutes per side., add the butter, mushrooms, flour, veal stock, tomato paste, herbs, spices, and browned meat to a slow cooker. cover the slow cooker and set the temperature to high. cook for 1 hour. add the potatoes and carrots and continue to cook the stew for another 7 hours. during the last hour of cooking, add the pearl onions and replace the lid. once the stew is cooked, stir in the peas and parsley and serve immediately., combine all ingredients thoroughly., recipe from new new orleans cooking, by emeril lagasse and jessie tirsch, published by william morrow, 1993.flour the beef cubes in salt and pepper seasoned flour. dust off the excess flour. sear beef cubes in hot oil and remove from pan., saute 2 onions and garlic until translucent. add beef back to pan and deglaze with wine. add the chicken stock and tomatoes and let simmer for 12 hour. add the carrots and simmer for another 12 hour., add butter beans, peas, hot sauce, and capers. season and simmer for 1 hour or until the meat is fork tender. check the seasoning. serve on buttered bowtie noodles.combine the beef, garlic, onions and 12 cups of water in a large pot. sprinkle with salt and bring to a boil. reduce to a simmer, cover and simmer for 30 minutes., uncover the pot and skim off the foam and grease. add the potatoes, corn, carrots, celery and zucchini. cover and continue simmering for 30 more minutes., add the kale and simmer for 5 minutes. turn the heat off and serve with lime wedges, hot sauce, warm corn tortillas and bread. garnish with chopped cilantro and parsley.season the beef generously with salt and pepper. sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the flour evenly over the meat., heat the olive oil in a large heavy saucepan or dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. add the beef in a single layer without crowding the pan work in 2 batches if necessary and cook, turning, until browned on all sides. remove the beef from the pan and reserve., add the beer to the pan and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any browned bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. bring the liquid to a boil and cook until it is reduced by half return the beef to the pot and add the potatoes, onions, carrots, celery stalk, broth and 1 cup water. bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a very low simmer, cover and cook until the beef is very tender, 1 12 to 2 hours., in a small bowl, mash the butter with the remaining 3 tablespoons flour until smooth. while whisking the liquid, drop small pieces of the butter paste into the stew, whisking until each piece dissolves. continue adding the butter paste until it is used up and completely dissolved into the stew. add the peas and continue cooking until the stew is thickened and the peas are cooked, about 5 minutes. taste and season with salt and pepper about 1 12 teaspoons salt and 34 teaspoon pepper., ladle the stew into individual bowls and garnish with the chopped celery leaves and sliced scallions, if using.in a large, heavy pot, warm the oil over high heat until hot but not smoking. working in batches, brown the meat well on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. adjust the heat as necessary to keep the meat from scorching. transfer the browned meat to a plate and repeat until all the meat is browned., add the onions and butter to the pot and stir over high heat until the onions start to soften, about 5 minutes. reduce the heat to medium and sprinkle in the sugar. continue to cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. add the flour, thyme and carrots and raise the heat to high. stir for 1 minute, then pour in the lager or ale, letting it come to a vigorous boil. stir in the broth and tomato paste and return to a boil., return the meat and any accumulated juices on the plate to the pot, let the liquid come just to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until the meat is tender when pierced and the sauce is slightly thickened, 1 12 to 2 hours. season to taste with salt and pepper. serve on warmed individual plates.heat a large dutch oven with a tightfitting lid over mediumhigh heat. pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 14inch deep. season the beef generously with salt and pepper, and add to the pan. saute the meat, uncovered, stirring only occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 8 minutes. using a slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a plate. repeat with the remaining beef. discard the oil and wipe out the pan., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f. return the pot to the stove and melt the butter over medium high heat. add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. add the reserved beef and scatter the flour over the vegetable and beef mixture enough to lightly coat and cook stirring until lightly toasted. add the water or broth, and bring to a simmer. tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaves together with a piece of kitchen twine and add the bundle to the pot. season with 2 teaspoons salt, or to taste. cover and transfer to the oven. cook the meat until just tender, about 1 12 hours. this can also be done on the stove at a low simmer., remove pot from the oven. skim the fat from the cooking liquid with a spoon or ladle. add the potatoes, carrots, celery, and the tomatoes, and bring to a simmer on top of the stove. cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the liquid thickens and the vegetables are tender, about 1 hour. remove and discard the herb bundle. stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper, to taste. divide among bowls and serve immediately., cooks note beef chuck, from the shoulder, because of its marbling of intramuscular fat, is the choice for any type of stew. if you cant find chuck cubed for stew in your meat department, buy a thick chuck steak and cut it into 2inch cubes., copyright 2003 television food network, g.p. all rights reservedheat the oil and butter in a pan and brown the beef. remove the beef from the pan, throw in the garlic and onions and cook until softened, about 3 minutes. pour in the beer, beef broth, worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, sugar, paprika, salt and some pepper. then return the beef to the pan, cover and simmer on a low heat until the meat is very tender, 1 12 to 2 hours. if the liquid level gets too low, add more broth as needed., add the carrots, parsnips and turnips and continue to simmer until the vegetables are tender and the liquid is reduced, about 30 minutes., if the stew is still too liquidy, remove a cup of cooking liquid from the pan and stir in the flour. add the flour mixture back into the pan and stir. simmer for 10 minutes until the stew is thick. the meat should be very tender if its tough, let it continue to cook., to finish, add the parsley and stir through the stew.in a large bowl combine beef stew meat, salt, pepper and flour. toss until beef is well coated., heat the canola in a large saute pan over high heat. add seasoned beef and sear on all sides until brown and caramelized. remove to a plate and set aside., combine seared beef, carrots, mushrooms, potatoes and tomatoes in a 4quart slow cooker., in a medium bowl, stir together grated chocolate, garlic, meatloaf packet, beef broth, and red wine. pour into slow cooker and sprinkle the leeks over the top. cover and cook on high setting for 4 to 6 hours., adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. serve hot.in a large stew pot over mediumhigh heat, add 4 tablespoons olive oil. add onions, carrots, celery, garlic, cornstarch, tomatoes, turmeric, and red pepper flakes. saute for 5 to 7 minutes., add the stew beef and the beef stock. add salt and pepper to taste. reduce heat and let stew simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes. stir periodically. serve hot.in a bowl, pour the hot coffee over the dried porcini mushrooms and leave to steep. when cool, drain, reserving the soaking liquid, and chop the mushrooms finely., preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., cut the beef into 2inch cubes and toss with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. heat a large widebottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add a thin film of canola oil. brown the beef in the oil in two or three batches, giving the meat some space. add the browned meat to a bowl or baking dish as you go. once all the beef is browned, pour off the excess grease, and add the red wine and madeira to the pan. cook until reduced by a third, about 3 minutes then pour the wine over the meat. set aside., add the butter, onions and 12 teaspoon salt to the saucepan. cook until the onions are soft and brown, about 20 minutes. add the celery and the shiitake and cremini mushrooms. season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring, until the vegetables wilt, 10 minutes. add the sweet paprika, smoked paprika, thyme, cloves and tomatoes, as well as the porcini mushrooms and their soaking liquid leave any grit behind in the bowl. cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. add the bay leaves and beef stock, and the browned beef and all the juices from the bowl. bring to a simmer., cover the pan and transfer it to the oven. bake for 1 hour then lower the heat to 300 degrees and bake until the meat is very tender, about 2 hours longer. serve in bowls, topped with dollops of horseradish cream., whip the cream in a cold metal bowl until soft peaks form. add the horseradish, sour cream, salt, sugar, cayenne and vinegar, and stir to combine.dust off the excess flour. sear beef cubes in hot oil and remove from pan., saute 2 onions and garlic until translucent. add beef back to pan and deglaze with wine. add the chicken stock and tomatoes and let simmer for 12 hour. add the carrots and simmer for another 12 hour. add butter beans, peas, hot sauce and capers. season and simmer for 1 hour or until the meat is fork tender. check the seasoning. serve on buttered bowtie noodles.in a 6quart slow cooker combine the celery, carrots, potatoes, onions, thyme and beef. in a large bowl, stir together all the remaining ingredients and pour over the beef and vegetables in the slow cooker. cover and cook on high for 5 hours. transfer to a serving bowl and serve with beer biscuits., preheat oven to 375 degrees f., in a large mixing bowl, mix all ingredients with a whisk until just combined. using 2 spoons divide dough into 4 even mounds and put on a baking sheet. bake for 8 to 10 minutes until golden brown., in a large bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt. cut in the shortening with a pastry knife or fork until the mixture is well blended. use in recipes that call for bisquick or allpurpose mix.in a small bowl, mix the flour, cayenne, and the salt and pepper until evenly combined. pat the meat dry, then sprinkle with the flour mixture and toss to coat., heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a 4quart dutch oven or ovenready saucepan over mediumhigh heat. when the oil shimmers, add half of the meat and sear until brown on all sides, about 5 to 6 minutes. remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining meat., add the remaining 1 tablespoon of the oil and reduce the heat to medium. add the onions, carrots, and celery. season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are brown, about 5 minutes., heat oven to 325 degrees f and arrange a rack in the middle., add the garlic, tomato paste, thyme, and bay leaf and stir to coat. stir in the wine and scrape up any browned bits stuck to the bottom. add the potatoes and stir to coat., add the meat and any accumulated juices, and the beef broth. bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to a simmer. cover the stew with a lid and transfer to oven. cook until the beef is knife tender, about 1 12 hours., when beef is almost ready, make the biscuits. in a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, thyme, sugar, baking powder, and salt until evenly combined. stir in the cream until a loose dough forms. lightly flour a clean work surface, turn the dough out onto the surface, and knead briefly until smooth, about 30 seconds. pat into a 1inch thick circle and cut into 8 wedges., increase the oven to 400 degrees f. remove the stew from the oven. uncover the stew, and stir in the parsley. top the stew with the biscuits and brush with a little cream. return the pot to the oven bake until the tops are crispy and golden brown, about 30 to 35 minutes. remove from the oven and serve immediately.in a dutch oven or large, heavy pot over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter. heat until the butter is melted and the oil is hot. add the meat in batches and brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side set aside. add the mushrooms, garlic and onion to the pot. cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are translucent and slightly tender, 5 to 8 minutes. add the meat back along with the beef stock, soy sauce, mustard and bay leaf. bring to a simmer, using a wooden spoon to scrape up all the brown bits from the bottom of the pot, and simmer, covered, until tender, about 2 hours and 50 minutes. add the thyme and cook for an additional 10 minutes., meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. cook the egg noodles in the boiling water according to the package instructions. drain the noodles and transfer to a bowl. add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the noodles, stirring to melt the butter and distribute it., add the sour cream and cream cheese to the stroganoff and stir to incorporate. season with salt and pepper if needed., in a serving dish, place the egg noodles in an even layer and top with the stroganoff. garnish with the chopped parsley.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. add 3 minced garlic cloves and cook until softened, about 30 seconds. stir in the ras el hanout. add the beef and season with salt and pepper. cook, stirring and breaking up the meat, until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. add the tomatoes and chickpeas with their liquid and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to a steady simmer and cook until slightly thickened, 10 to 12 minutes. season with salt and pepper., meanwhile, combine the spinach, cheese, remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 minced garlic cloves in a bowl season with salt. stuff the mixture into the pita halves, wrap each in foil and transfer to a baking sheet. bake until the cheese is melted, about 10 minutes., divide the stew among bowls top with cilantro. serve with the spinach pitas.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. place the bones on a roasting pan and roast for 1 hour. remove from the oven and brush with the tomato paste. lay the vegetables over the bones. return to the oven and roast for 30 minutes. place the pan on the stove and deglaze with the wine, scraping the bottom of the pan for browned particles. put this mixture in a large stock pot. add the peppercorns, garlic, and herbs. season with salt. bring the liquid up to a boil and reduce to a simmer. cook for 4 hours. remove from the heat and skim off any fat that has risen to the surface. strain the liquid and discard the bones.put meat in freezer for 30 minutes for easier slicing. slice meat into thin strips about 2 inches long. sprinkle with pepper. heat oil a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat, swirling to coat bottom. saute mushrooms until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. transfer to a plate. saute onion in same skillet until brown, 3 to 4 minutes. add to mushrooms. add meat to skillet and brown quickly on all side rare, 2 to 3 minutes for tenderloin, 3 to 5 minutes for round steak or sirloin. add to mushrooms. add flour to skillet. gradually pour in broth, whisking constantly. cook over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until thickened, whisking constantly. reduce heat to low. whisk in remaining ingredients except sour cream. stir in mushrooms, onions, and meat. cook for 15 minutes. pour sour cream in a small amount of meat mixture. add sour cream mixture to skillet and cook for 5 minutes, or until heated through, stirring occasionally.cut the beef against the grain into narrow 2inch long strips about 12inch thick. pat dry and season with salt and pepper, to taste. in a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the infused olive oil over mediumhigh heat. add the prepared beef and brown on all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes. remove the meat from the pan and set aside. add another tablespoon oil to saute pan, if needed, and add the onions. cook until light golden, stirring and adding 14 cup of beef stock to deglaze the pan. stir in the remaining beef stock and the beef with any resting juices back to the skillet and simmer for 10 minutes. stir in the sour cream and just heat through, do not boil. taste for seasoning and adjust, as necessary. transfer the stroganoff to a serving platter and serve. enjoysprinkle the steak strips with house seasoning, and then dust with flour. in a large skillet, quickly brown them on both sides in the olive oil and butter. remove the steak from the pan. add the onion slices and mushrooms to the pan drippings. saute for a few minutes, until the onion is tender. sprinkle with 1 teaspoon flour. put the steak back into the pan with the onion and mushrooms. add the mushroom soup and beef broth. cook over low heat for about 30 minutes, covered. adjust seasoning to taste, adding salt and pepper, as needed. stir in the sour cream the last few minutes, right before you serve. serve over cooked noodles., mix the ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months.in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and then add the beef cubes. saute the beef cubes until brown, about 2 minutes per side. add the shallots, cook about 3 to 4 minutes, or until translucent. whisk the arrowroot into the white wine until it dissolves. add the wine mixture, and cook until the liquid is reduced by half. add the mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes., add the rosemary, thyme, basil leaves, salt, and pepper, to taste. stir in the sour cream and pour over the cooked pasta.heat oven to 450 degrees f., place bones in a roasting pan, and roast, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes. add onions, garlic, carrots, and celery to roasting pan. return to oven until well browned, roasting for a total of 1 to 1 12 hours., remove roasting pan from oven, and transfer bones and vegetables to large stockpot discard any fat. heat roasting pan on stove over high heat. add wine to deglaze, stirring to loosen any browned bits from bottom of pan. transfer to stockpot, and add bouquet garni, tying it to the handle of the pot for easy removal., add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. bring to a boil, and reduce to simmer. cook for 7 to 8 hours, skimming frequently., strain the stock through a chinois or fine sieve into a large bowl or pot, and set the bowl in an ice bath. when cool, cover, and refrigerate overnight., remove layer of fat from bowl or pot. stock can be stored in refrigerator for 3 days and frozen for up to 3 months.put meat in freezer for 30 minutes for easier slicing. slice meat into thin strips about 2 inches long. sprinkle with pepper. heat oil a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat, swirling to coat bottom. saute mushrooms until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. transfer to a plate. saute onion in same skillet until brown, 3 to 4 minutes. add to mushrooms. add meat to skillet and brown quickly on all side rare, 2 to 3 minutes for tenderloin, 3 to 5 minutes for round steak or sirloin. add to mushrooms. add flour to skillet. gradually pour in broth, whisking constantly. cook over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until thickened, whisking constantly. reduce heat to low. whisk in remaining ingredients except sour cream. stir in mushrooms, onions, and meat. cook for 15 minutes. pour sour cream in a small amount of meat mixture. add sour cream mixture to skillet and cook for 5 minutes, or until heated through, stirring occasionally.heat a large skillet over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. raise the heat to high and heat 1 tablespoon oil. season the beef with salt and pepper. add the beef to the skillet, arranging it in a single layer, and saute, without stirring, until well browned and still pinkish inside, 1 to 2 minutes. it is key to only partially cook the meat at this stage, since it will finish cooking later in the sauce. transfer to a large plate and set aside. discard any excess oil., return the skillet to mediumhigh heat. add 1 tablespoon of the oil and heat. add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until well browned, about 7 minutes. season with salt and pepper. using a slotted spoon, transfer to the plate with the beef., heat another tablespoon of oil. add the onions, carrots and parsnips and cook, stirring, until lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. whisk in the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. pour in the beef broth and, whisking constantly, bring to a full boil. reduce the heat, add the greens and simmer until the greens and veggies are crisptender, 5 to 10 minutes. remove from the heat., whisk in the sour cream, mustard and lemon juice and season with pepper to taste. add the beef and any juices, mushrooms and parsley to the sauce and reheat over medium heat just until hot. do not boil., toss the barley with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and lots of freshly ground black pepper. divide the cooked barley among 4 plates and top with the stroganoff. serve immediately.for the buttered egg noodles bring a large pot of water to a boil. add the egg noodles and cook according to the package instructions. drain and set aside., for the beef stroganoff heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. season the meat with salt and pepper. add half the meat to the pan and brown it quickly. remove the first batch and cook the rest of the meat. remove and set aside with the first batch., add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet and cook the mushrooms, carrots and onions until lightly browned. turn off the heat and add the brandy and 2 cups of the stock. turn the heat back on and reduce the liquid for 2 to 3 minutes. mix the cornstarch with the remaining 14 cup stock, getting out all the lumps. pour the slurry into the skillet and cook until the sauce thickens., turn off the heat. stir in the sour cream, mustard and beef. taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper., to finish the noodles, melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. add the cooked egg noodles and toss to heat through and coat with the butter., serve the stroganoff with the noodles, and sprinkle with the parsley.slice meat into 12thick by 2 nch long very thin strips and season with salt and pepper. set in freezer., heat a skillet over medium heat. melt 2 tablespoons butter and cook with flour 1 minute. whisk in consomme. thicken 1 minute. stir in mustard and sour cream, thicken 2 to 3 minutes. remove from heat and season sauce with salt and pepper., heat a second skillet over high heat. add 1 tablespoon oil and 1 tablespoon butter, then add the meat and onion and cook over high heat until brown on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes total. then add the chopped cornichons and stir to combine., arrange meat on a bed of egg noodles and top with stroganoff sauce and parsley. serve with thickly sliced pumpernickel bread.in a large pot heat the oil over high heat. season the beef with the salt and pepper and saute until browned. remove the beef from the pot and set aside, pour off any excess fat in the pot., melt the clarified butter in the pot and saute the mushrooms and onions. add the white wine and simmer until reduced by 12. stir in the tomato paste and mustard and cook for 2 minutes. add the demiglace and beef, bring to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. stir in the sour cream and adjust the seasoning. serve on a bed of warm egg noodles.in a hot saute pan melt butter and saute the mushrooms first then add the onions. the mushrooms take a little longer. in a separate pan brown strips of sirloin that have been dredged in flour. set aside. when the onions and mushrooms are done, deglaze both of the pans with a little white or red wine and combine all ingredients into one pan. add 2 cups beef stock, white wine or water and 12 of the pint of sour cream. simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. during the cooking the sour cream will separate and some of the butterfat will become visible. this is normal, just stir the pot. just before serving add the balance of the sour cream, stir to combine. serve over noodles or rice pilaf and garnish with parsley.preheat a large skillet over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. raise the heat to high and heat 1 tablespoon oil. season half the beef with salt and pepper, add to the skillet, arranging it in a single layer, and saute, without stirring, until wellbrowned and still pinkish inside, about 1 to 2 minutes. it is key to only partially cook the meat at this stage, since it will be finish cooking later in the sauce. transfer to a large plate and set aside. repeat with the remaining oil and beef. discard any excess oil., return the skillet to mediumhigh heat. melt 2 tablespoons of the butter and, when the foaming begins to subside, add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 7 minutes. season with salt and pepper to taste. using a slotted spoon, transfer to the plate with the beef., heat 4 tablespoons butter and, just as the foaming begins to subside, add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute more. whisk in the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. pour in the beef broth and, whisking constantly, bring to a full boil. remove from the heat. whisk in the sour cream, mustard, and lemon juice and season with pepper to taste. set the sauce aside covered., bring a large pot of water to a boil, salt generously, and cook the noodles until tender but not mushy. drain and transfer to a large bowl. toss with the butter and season with pepper to taste., add the beef and any juices, mushrooms, and parsley to the sauce and reheat over medium heat until just hot. do not boil. divide the noodles among 4 plates and top with the stroganoff. serve immediately.heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the beef and cook until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. transfer the meat with its juices to a plate. heat the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onions and cook, stirring, until soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. add the mushrooms and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are soft and have released most of their water, about 5 minutes. return the beef and juices to the pan and stir to incorporate. sprinkle with the flour and stir until well combined. add the beef broth, wine, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture thickens and reduces slightly, 5 minutes. stir in the yogurt and cook for 1 minute more. spoon the mixture over the noodles and garnish with parsley., excellent source of copper, folate, iron, manganese, niacin, pantothenic acid, phosphorus, potassium, protein, riboflavin, selenium, thiamin, vitamin b6, vitamin b12, vitamin k, zinc, good source of fiber, magnesiumheat the oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the beef and cook until well browned, stirring often. remove the beef from the skillet. pour off any fat., reduce the heat to medium. add the onion to the skillet and cook until its tender., stir the soup and paprika in the skillet and heat to a boil. stir in the sour cream. return the beef to the skillet and cook until the beef is cooked through. serve the beef mixture over the noodles. sprinkle with the parsley., serving suggestion serve with sauteed spinach with garlic and crusty french bread. for dessert serve a fresh apple  raisin cup cubed, cored apples mixed with raisins., cost per recipe 8.33cook the beef in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until well browned, stirring often. pour off any fat., stir the soup, salsa, milk, tortillas and half the cheese in the skillet. spoon the beef mixture into a 2quart shallow baking dish. cover the baking dish., bake at 400 degrees f. for 30 minutes or until the beef mixture is hot and bubbling. sprinkle with the remaining cheese.preheat the oven to 325 degrees f., for the beef in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and onions. cook until starting to soften, then add the ground beef. cook the meat until its totally browned, then drain the fat. add the chili powder, cumin, paprika, salt, black pepper and crushed red pepper and stir to combine. add 12 cup hot water and stir. reduce the heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes., for the fixins meanwhile, wrap the flour tortillas in foil and warm in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. right before serving, crisp the taco shells in the oven according to package instructions., serve with the grated cheese, diced tomatoes and shredded lettuce.cook the beef in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until well browned, stirring often to separate meat. pour off any fat., stir the soup, salsa, water and tortillas in the skillet and heat to a boil. reduce the heat to low. cook for 5 minutes. stir the beef mixture. top with the cheese., creamy mexican fiesta stir in 12 cup sour cream with the soup., ranchero style use corn tortillas instead of flour tortillas and shredded mexican cheese blend instead of cheddar., serving suggestion serve with a mixed green salad with italian salad dressing and cornonthe cob. for dessert serve with a store bought flan., cost per recipe 7.59season the beef with the salt, pepper, and essence., in a large cast iron skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. add the seasoned beef and cook, stirring, until well browned and all pink has disappeared. drain off any excess oil in the skillet., add the onions and cook, stirring, until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. add the mushrooms and garlic and cook, stirring until the mushrooms have released their juices, about 2 minutes. add the macaroni or egg noodles, beef broth and sour cream. cook, stirring, until the mixture thickens slightly, 5 to 6 minutes., remove the pan from the heat and spoon the mixture onto 2 large plates. sprinkle each portion with the cheese, if desired, and chopped parsley and serve immediately., combine all ingredients thoroughly., recipe from new new orleans cooking, by emeril lagasse and jessie tirsch, published by william and morrow, 1993.for the beet creme fraiche combine the beet juice and sugar in a small nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. cook until thickened and reduced to about 14 cup, about 30 minutes. transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes., place the creme fraiche in a bowl, season with salt and pepper and swirl the beet reduction into the creme fraiche., for the buttered noodles bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the noodles and cook until al dente, about 6 minutes. drain the noodles, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water., melt the butter in a large saute pan, add the noodles and some of the cooking liquid and toss to coat. stir in the dill and parsley and season with salt and pepper., for the stroganoff season both sides of the beef with salt and pepper and then the steak rub. heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. add the beef and cook on both sides until golden brown, a crust has formed and the meat is cooked to medium rare, about 10 minutes. remove to a plate and let rest for 5 minutes. slice into 12inch thick slices., add the butter and remaining tablespoon of oil to the pan and heat until it begins to shimmer. add the mushrooms and cook until lightly golden brown. add the shallots and garlic and continue cooking until soft, the mushrooms are deep golden brown and the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes per side. season with salt and pepper. stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute. add the beef stock, bring it to a boil and cook until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes., to serve put some of the noodles in each bowl. top with the mushrooms, sliced steak and a dollop of the beet creme fraiche. garnish with parsley leaves and dill.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. remove the stems from 4 of the mushrooms and set the stems aside. put the 4 stemmed mushroom caps, gillsideup, in a large baking dish, making sure there is at least 12 inch of space between them. drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the oil. season with salt and pepper. roast until a knife inserted in the center meets just a bit of resistance, 20 to 25 minutes. remove and keep warm., clean and roughly chop the reserved mushroom stems and the remaining portobello. heat the remaining 2 teaspoons oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. add the onion and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring, until soft and translucent, about 4 minutes. add the chopped mushrooms, garlic and a generous amount of black pepper cook until the stems are soft, about 4 minutes., sprinkle the flour over the onions and mushrooms and stir until all of the flour has been absorbed. stir in the beef broth. bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until thick, about 5 minutes. remove from the heat and stir in the sour cream, parsley, mustard and worcestershire sauce. . keep warm while you grill the burgers., shape the ground beef into four patties, each about 5inches in diameter. sprinkle well with salt and pepper. heat a nonstick grill pan over medium heat. when the pan is hot, spray it liberally with nonstick cooking spray. add the burgers and cook until nicely browned, about 2 minutes. flip the burgers and cook for another 1 12 minutes for mediumrare., put the bottoms of the buns on serving plates. top each with a lettuce leaf and a roasted mushroom, gillside down, then top with a burger and a generous dollop of the sour creammushroom sauce. cover with bun tops and serve.place some clarified butter into a pan on high heat. add the onions and allow to fry for 2 minutes until golden brown. add the meat, season with salt and black pepper and allow to fry gently for 5 minutes. stir in the flour and cook for 1 minute. add the catsup combined with the worcestershire sauce and then stir in the sour cream. allow the stroganov to simmer for 4 minutes. serve accompanied with french fried potatoes, if desired.heat the beef stock with the carrot, 3 thyme sprigs, and bay leaf. pat the beef dry and season it with salt and pepper. heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large heavy bottomed skillet over high heat. fry the meat in batches so that it is browned on all sides. lower the heat to medium and return all the meat to the pot. add the onions and cook until they are soft, about 5 minutes. pour in the cognac and cook until the alcohol has burned off, about 5 minutes. add the beef stock, discarding the carrot, thyme sprigs, and bay leaf. cook, partially covered, over a very low flame for 1 12 to 2 hours., in a large skillet over medium heat, melt 3 tablespoons butter in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. add the mushrooms, garlic, and remaining 3 thyme sprigs and cook until the mushrooms are browned and cooked through. remove from heat and set aside., when the meat is done, remove it from the heat and fold in the mushrooms, sour cream, mustard, and parsley. taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper., meanwhile, cook the noodles in a large pot of boiling, salted water until tender. drain the noodles well, toss with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, and season with salt and pepper. serve the stroganoff over the noodles garnish with more sour cream and chopped parsley.cook the beef in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until well browned, stirring often. pour off any fat., stir the soup, salsa, milk, tortillas and half the cheese in the skillet. spoon the beef mixture into a 2quart shallow baking dish. cover the baking dish., bake at 400 degrees f for 30 minutes or until the beef mixture is hot and bubbling. sprinkle with the remaining cheese., cost per recipe 8.14preheat oven to 300 degrees f., place the chopped garlic, salt and pepper into a bowl. add enough extravirgin olive oil to create a paste. add the rosemary and thyme leaves to the bowl and stir to combine., set short ribs out on a roasting tray and cover with herb paste. roast in the oven for 2 hours and 30 minutes until they are falling apart., heat a large saute pan over high heat and add a 3count of olive oil. add mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes until brown. add shallots and minced garlic and toss to combine. season with salt and pepper. cook for a further 2 minutes until garlic and onion become fragrant. remove pan from heat and carefully add cognac to deglaze the pan. return to heat and add cream. reduce heat and simmer until reduced by half. turn off heat and stir in dijon mustard and sour cream. season with salt and plenty of freshly ground black pepper, cook egg noodles in salted boiling water according to directions on package. drain and toss with butter while still hot., to serve pile the noodles high on a plate, top with stroganoff sauce and finish with rib slices. garnish with fresh parsley and green onions.heat large nonstick skillet over high heat and sear meat on all sides, for about a minute. work in small batches so meat does not give off liquid. remove to a plate. in a clean wide skillet, heat butter. sweat onions and add mushrooms and saute over until deep golden, about 20 minutes. while this is cooking, blend broth, mustard, heavy cream and sour cream together. lower heat, add flour and cook stirring for a minute. whisk in liquids, and any meat juices and simmer, without boiling until sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. return meat to sauce and heat, without boiling until meat is warmed through. season to taste with salt and pepper stir in dill and parsley and spoon over noodles.in a large bowl, combine the ground beef, parsley, onions, bacon bits, and salt and pepper, to taste. thoroughly mix the ingredients together, then form the mixture into 2inch meatballs. heat vegetable oil in a large pan and slowly add the meatballs to the hot oil. fry the meatballs until they are browned on all sides and cooked throughout. remove the meatballs from the pan and place them on a paper towel to drain any excess oil., serve on a bed of broad egg noodles with stroganoff sauce., in a large saucepan, add chopped onions, mushrooms and chicken stock. cook over mediumhigh heat and reduce the liquid by 12. add cream of chicken soup to the saucepan and continue to heat. once the sauce is heated through, stir in 1 cup of sour cream. pour the sauce on top of the egg noodles and meatballs., heat olive oil and almonds in a saute pan. add garlic, green beans and vinegar. cook until the beans are al dente. salt and pepper, to taste, then serve.to prepare the meat, heat a large skillet over a mediumhigh heat. add the beef and cook until no longer pink, stirring occasionally and breaking the meat up with the spoon. add the garlic and beans and cook for 2 minutes more. add the chili powder, cayenne and water and stir until well combined and some but not all of the liquid has been absorbed. remove from the heat and allow the mixture to cool slightly. meat mixture may be made up to 3 days ahead and stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator., to make the tomato dressing, in a medium bowl, combine tomatoes with their juices, oil, lime juice, salt and pepper. dressing may be prepared up to 2 days ahead and stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator., place 2 cups of lettuce on each plate or in a lunch container. top each serving with 1 cup of the beef mixture then sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of cheese. if making togo, pack 34 cup of the tomato mixture in a separate sealable container and put about 8 chips in a separate bag. right before eating, pour a portion of the tomato mixture with the liquid on top of each salad, and crush tortilla chips on top., nutritional analysis per serving serving size 2 cups lettuce, 1 cup beef mixture, 2 tablespoons cheese, 34 cup of tomato mixture, and about 8 crushed tortilla chips, calories 430 total fat 22 g sat fat 8 g, mono fat 10 g, poly fat 2 g  protein 29 g carb 36 g fiber 9 g cholesterol 70 mg sodium 770 mg, excellent source of protein, fiber, vitamin a, niacin, vitamin b6, vitamin b12, vitamin c, calcium, iron, phosphorus, potassium, selenium, zinc, good source of riboflavin, vitamin k, manganese1. spray large skillet with cooking spray. heat over mediumhigh heat. place tortilla pieces in skillet. cook 4 minutes or until lightly browned. remove from skillet., 2. cook ground beef in skillet until no longer pink drain. stir in drained tomatoes, corn and beans. bring to a boil. simmer 2 minutes or until hot. add tortilla pieces and stir to coat., 3. sprinkle with cheese and green onions. cover. let stand 5 minutes or until cheese is melted. serve with sour cream, if desired.heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. season the beef with the cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. add to the skillet and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side., transfer the meat to a 6quart slow cooker, then add the salsa, onion and garlic. cover and cook on high, 6 hours., remove the meat to a cutting board and shred with 2 forks, discarding the excess fat. return the meat to the slow cooker and stir in the cilantro., serve the meat in tortillas and top as desired. serve with lime wedges.serving suggestion lightly seasoned couscous., to make the spice rub mix the ras el hanout, cumin, cinnamon, ginger, paprika, salt, and black pepper together in a small bowl. put the beef into a large bowl, massage it with the spice rub, then cover with plastic wrap or clingfilm and put into the refrigerator for a couple of hoursideally overnight. that way the spices really penetrate and flavour the meat. when youre ready to cook, heat a generous lug of olive oil in a tagine or casseroletype pan and fry the meat over a medium heat for 5 minutes. add the chopped onion and coriander cilantro stalks and fry for another 5 minutes. tip in the chickpeas and tomatoes, then pour in 1 34 cups400 ml stock and stir. bring to the boil, then put the lid on the pan or cover with foil and reduce to a simmer for 1 12 hours. at this point add your squash, the prunes and the rest of the stock. give everything a gentle stir, then pop the lid back on the pan and continue cooking for another 1 12 hours. keep an eye on it and add a splash of water if it looks too dry. once the time is up, take the lid off and check the consistency. if it seems a bit too runny, simmer for 5 to 10 minutes more with the lid off. the beef should be really tender and flaking apart now, so have a taste and season with a pinch or 2 of salt. scatter the coriander cilantro leaves over the tagine along with the toasted almonds, then take it straight to the table with a big bowl of lightly seasoned couscous and dive in.for the beef tartare fill a large bowl with ice and place a smaller bowl over the ice. finely dice the beef and place it in the bowl over the ice. this will help to keep the meat fresh. in another large bowl, combine the cheese, olives, oil, mustard, shallots, celery leaves, chives and parsley. add the beef and stir gently to combine. season with hot sauce, salt and pepper., for the crispy parsnips heat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees f 180 degrees c. fry the parsnips until golden brown and crisp. transfer to a baking sheet lined with paper towels to drain. season with smoked salt and pepper. to serve, divide the beef tartare among plates and garnish with the crispy parsnips.heat a griddle over high heat. sear the lemon slices on each side until they become slightly caramelized. set aside. when ready to serve, chop the beef filet as finely as possible by hand using a sharp knife. form the chopped meat into loose balls, about 1 ounce each., place the seared lemons on a plate and top with the filet tartare balls. serve immediately with lemon zest and sea salt as accompaniments.for the beef tenderloin preheat a saute pan or castiron skillet over high heat. lightly oil the steaks. place the steaks in the very hot pan and get a good sear on both sides. cook for 6 to 7 minutes per side for mediumrare. remove the steak from the pan and let rest in a warm spot for 7 to 8 minutes., for the mushroom sauce drain the fat from the pan. add the shallots, bring the pan to a medium heat and season with salt. cook the shallots for 3 to 4 minutes, and then add in the garlic. cook the garlic and shallots together for 2 to 3 minutes., add the mushrooms, season with salt and stir to coat with the oil. cook the mushrooms until they look soft and wilted, 4 to 5 minutes., add the veal demiglace. bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes the consistency should be almost as thick as gravy. if it is still thin, let it simmer for another couple of minutes until it does thicken., check the consistency by coating a spoon with the sauce, turn the spoon over and draw a line down the middle of the spoon with your finger. if your finger leaves a track down the spoon without moving, then it is ready taste and adjust the salt, if needed., for the twicebaked potato mash and green beans add the potatoes to a pot of salted water. turn the heat to medium and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes. drain the potatoes well and pass through a food mill or ricer. stir in the sour cream and heavy cream. fold in the broccoli and cheddar. taste and season with salt as needed., bring a pot of salted water to a boil. add the green beans and cook until just tender, about 2 minutes. remove from the water and immediately add to a salted ice bath. heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan. add green beans and saute quickly until heated through., serve the filets with the mushroom sauce on top and the twicebaked potato mash and green beans on the side.for the beef tenderloin put a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 150 degrees f, or lowest temperature setting. season the steaks liberally all over with salt and pepper. place on a rack over a roasting pan and cook until an instantread thermometer reads 125 degrees f when inserted into the thickest part of a steak, about 90 minutes. rest for 10 minutes., meanwhile, make the habanero butter whisk together the butter, habanero, lime zest and juice, shallot, roasted garlic, parsley, salt and pepper. refrigerate, covered, to firm up slightly., set a large castiron skillet over high heat. get it extremely hot, and then add the grapeseed oil. add the rested steaks and cook for 1 minute to add color, turn and cook 1 minute on the second side. add the butter as soon it starts to melt spoon it over the meat, and then immediately remove the steaks from pan. rest 8 minutes and serve with the habanero butter on top.for the beef tenderloin preheat the oven to 500 degrees f., place the beef tenderloin on a baking sheet, drizzle with the olive oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. rub the oil and seasoning evenly over the meat., roast the tenderloin until an internal thermometer reads 125 to 130 degrees f for rare to medium rare, about 20 minutes. remove from the oven, tent with aluminum foil and let rest until it reaches room temperature, at least 20 minutes. transfer to a cutting board and thinly slice., for the crostini turn down the oven temperature to 400 degrees f., put the baguette slices on a baking sheet in 1 layer. drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. bake until golden brown and toasted, about 5 minutes., for the horseradish sauce add the sour cream, applesauce, horseradish, mayonnaise, breadcrumbs and chives to a medium bowl and mix until combined. season with salt and pepper., to assemble spread a dollop of horseradish sauce onto each toasted baguette piece, add a slice of beef tenderloin and then top with another dollop of horseradish sauce and a few watercress leaves.season the beef shoulder all over with salt and pepper then brown in a large heavy pot over medium heat. once browned on all sides, add enough water to cover the roast along with the 1 sliced onion and about 6 cloves of garlic. cook until the meat is fork tender and comes apart with no resistance, about 2 hours. when done, remove the roast to a platter to cool, reserve the beef broth. hand shred the meat and set aside., to prepare the sauce, remove the tops of the dried chilies and shake out most of the seeds. place the chilies in a large stockpot and cover them with water. add the cumin, remaining sliced onion and garlic. boil for 20 minutes until the chiles are very soft. transfer the chiles to a blender using tongs and add a ladle full of the chile water it is best to do this in batches. puree the chiles until smooth. pass the pureed chiles through a strainer to remove the remaining seeds and skins. pour the chili sauce into a large bowl and add salt, stir to incorporate. taste to check seasonings, add more if necessary. add the shredded beef to the bowl of chili sauce, and mix thoroughly. refrigerate until ready to use., go through the dried cornhusks, separate them and discard the silk, be careful since the husks are fragile when dry. soak them in a sink filled with warm water for 30 minutes to soften. in a deep bowl, combine the masa, baking powder, and salt. pour the broth into the masa a little at a time, working it in with your fingers. in a small bowl, beat the vegetable shortening until fluffy. add it to the masa and beat until the dough has a spongy texture., rinse, drain, and dry the corn husks. set them out on a sheet pan covered by a damp towel along with the bowls of masa dough and beef in chili sauce. start with the largest husks because they are easier to roll. lay the husk flat on a plate or in your hand with the smooth side up and the narrow end facing you. spread a thin, even layer of masa over the surface of the husk with a tablespoon dipped in water. do not use too much add about a tablespoon of the meat filling in the center of the masa. fold the narrow end up to the center then fold both sides together to enclose the filling. the sticky masa will form a seal. pinch the wide top closed., stand the tamales up in a large steamer or colander with the pinched end up. load the steamer into a large pot filled with 2inches of water. the water should not touch the tamales. lay a damp cloth over the tamales and cover with lid. keep the water at a low boil, checking periodically to make sure the water doesnt boil away. steam the tamales for 2 hours., the tamales are done when the inside pulls away from the husk. the tamale should be soft, firm and not mushy. to serve, unfold the husk and spoon about a tablespoon of remaining beef filling on top.for the tournedos heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium pan over mediumhigh heat. sprinkle the beef medallions on both sides with salt and black pepper. when the pan is hot, add the medallions and sear on both sides, cooking until the desired temperature is reached. remove from the pan and let rest., reduce the heat under the pan to medium. add the mushrooms, cut side down, and the green peppercorns and shallots. cook, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms begin to brown and the shallots become translucent, about 5 minutes. remove the pan from the heat and add the cognac. replace the pan to the burner, and carefully tip to flambe. if you dont wish to flambe, just bring the sauce to a boil and reduce to a simmer. once the flame has burned out, add the demiglace, mustard and lemon juice. cook, stirring, for a few minutes. stir in the cream and reduce until the sauce is thick and rich in color, 3 to 5 minutes., add the beef medallions to the sauce, spooning sauce over so they are submerged. remove the pan from the heat stir in the butter and add some parsley. keep warm., for the matchstick frites heat 3 inches of vegetable oil in a dutch oven to 365 degrees f., add the rosemary, sage, thyme and garlic and fry until the herbs are crispy. remove to a paper towellined plate to drain., using a mandoline, cut the potatoes into matchsticks and place in a large bowl of ice water to remove any starch. let soak for a few minutes, then rinse under cold water until the water runs clear. drain the matchsticks and pat dry with a kitchen towel to remove as much water as possible., fry the matchsticks in small batches until crispy and golden, 2 to 3 minutes. drain on a paper towellined baking sheet and sprinkle immediately with salt to taste., transfer the frites to a large bowl and toss with the crispy herbs and more salt to taste., serve the tournedos with the frites.slice the beef tenderloin thinly and pound each slice with a meat mallet. season the beef slices with salt and pepper., beat the eggs and pour them into a shallow bowl or baking dish. put the flour in another shallow dish. stir the breadcrumbs and italian seasoning together in a third shallow dish., dip a beef slice in the flour and shake off the excess flour. then dip in the eggs, then in the bread crumbs and place on a plate. repeat with all the beef slices., in a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of butter and 3 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. when the butter is melted and bubbling, add a few beef slices to the pan and cook until golden brown on each side, about 1 minute per side. drain the beef slices on paper towels to drain the excess oil. repeat with all of the beef slices., to make the salad in a bowl, combine the cucumber and onion together. add 1 teaspoon salt and the lemon and lime juices. toss to coat and let sit for 5 minutes., in another bowl, combine the spinach and tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. add olive oil and toss to coat., lay the beef slices on a platter and top with the spinach and tomatoes and then with the cucumber salad. serve with red hawk potato gratin and sunday bread., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., coat a 9 by 13inch baking dish with softened butter., in a large, deep skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat and saute the onions and garlic for 5 minutes. stir in the cream and cook for 1 minute., pour a small amount of the onioncream mixture on the bottom of the buttered baking dish. crumble 6ounces of cheese over the bottom. layer the potatoes, overlapping them a bit, on top of the cream and cheese. season with salt, and pepper, to taste., pour more onioncream mixture on top of potatoes and sprinkle with a handful of grated parmesan. top with 6ounces more of red hawk cheese. repeat this step until all the potatoes and onioncream has been used up., sprinkle the top of the gratin with the reserved parmesan cheese. cover the gratin with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour. remove the foil then bake for 30 to 45 minutes more, or until the cheese on top is golden brown and the gratin in bubbling., in a bowl, stir together the water and yeast. let sit for 5 minutes., in a stand mixer, with a paddle attachment, mix the flour and salt. pour the yeast into the flour and add the honey. mix slowly until the mixture is just incorporated and the dough is formed., remove the dough from the mixer and knead by hand on a lightlyfloured surface. knead for 1 minute., place the dough in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. let sit for 30 minutes., turn the dough out onto a lightlyfloured surface and roll into a loaf shape. with kitchen scissors, or a sharp paring knife, cut 6 notches into the dough at a 45degree angle. take one piece of dough and pull it left, the next piece of dough, pull right. repeat with all pieces until you have a shape that resembles leaves on a branch. transfer to a baking sheet and let rest for 20 minutes., preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. using a fork, beat the egg with 1 teaspoon water and brush the egg wash onto the top of the bread. bake the bread for 20 minutes, or until golden and baked through.let meat rest 10 minutes before beginning dinner preparation., place a large, flat griddle or skillet over high heat. when hot, using a pair of tongs and a folded paper towel, wipe cooking surface with oil and place steaks on hot pan. caramelize the steaks, 2 minutes on each side. reduce heat to moderate. season meat with salt and pepper and cook 4 to 5 minutes longer on each side., preheat broiler to high., arrange steaks on baking sheet. top each steak with 3 ounces gorgonzola. place baking sheet 6 inches from broiler heat just long enough to melt the cheese. remove meat from the oven and top with slivers of fresh sage. let meat rest 2 or 3 minutes, then serve immediately.place the flour, salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. in another bowl, whisk the egg whites and water and add to the dry ingredients along with 2 tablespoons of the herbs. combine with a potato masher until the mixture begins to come together. then knead with your hands for 1 to 2 minutes. transfer the mixture to a large ziptop bag, seal, and let stand at room temperature for 4 hours, or up to 24 hours., transfer dough to a floured surface and roll out to 316inch thickness, approximately a 24 by 18inch rectangle. trim away extra dough, if necessary. sprinkle the remaining herbs on the center section of the dough and gently press down., preheat oven to 400 degrees f., in order to achieve uniform cooking, fold over slender tail end of tenderloin and tie with kitchen twine. set a large electric griddle at its highest setting brush the tenderloin with the olive oil and sear on all sides until well browned, approximately 10 minutes. rest the meat for at least 5 minutes or until it is cool to the touch so as not to melt the dough., place the tenderloin in the center of the dough. fold top part of dough over, flipping back about 1inch of dough onto itself. repeat with the bottom half of the dough. press together the 2 flaps of dough and seal. make sure the dough is not too tight around the tenderloin. at the ends of the tenderloin, press together dough to form a seal and cut away any excess. transfer to a sheet pan, place in the oven and roast to an internal temperature of 125 degrees f, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. remove from the oven and allow to rest for 30 minutes or up to 1 hour. the tenderloin will continue to cook 10 to 15 degrees more. cut salt crust at 1 end and extract meat by pulling out of dough tube. slice and serve immediately.heat olive oil in a large skillet. season beef medallions with salt and pepper. sear in hot oil until browned. remove and set aside. add roasted garlic pulp and spinach. saute until spinach wilts. add tomato paste and sauce. bring to a simmer and stir until smooth. blanch gnocchi until done, drain and fold into sauce with the romano cheese. arrange medallions on top of mixture. sprinkle in more cheese and bake in preheated 400 degree oven for 5 minutes.heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook asparagus, turning occasionally, 5 minutes or until tender. remove asparagus from skillet and keep warm., heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook polenta, turning once, 4 minutes or until golden. remove polenta from skillet and keep warm., season steaks, if desired, with salt and black pepper. cook steaks in same skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning once, 4 minutes or until desired doneness. remove steaks and keep warm. add onions to skillet and cook 4 minutes or until golden., stir in sauce and cream and bring just to to the boiling point, stirring occasionally. serve sauce over steak with asparagus over polenta.preheat a grill to medium high and prepare for indirect grilling on a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side. for a gas grill, turn off half of the burners. put the onion in a small bowl and cover with cold water let soak 20 minutes, then drain and squeeze dry. meanwhile, pulse 1 cup basil, the avocado, garlic, crema and the juice of 1 lime in a blender or mini food processor until smooth season with salt and pepper. transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until ready to use., tie the beef tenderloin in 2inch intervals using kitchen twine. combine 1 tablespoon olive oil, the cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. brush the oil mixture all over the beef and transfer to the grill over direct heat. grill, turning occasionally, until the beef is well marked, about 15 minutes. transfer the beef to the cooler side of the grill indirect heat and continue grilling, turning occasionally, until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 125 degrees f for medium rare, 15 to 20 more minutes. transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes., while the beef is cooking over indirect heat, cut a small slit down the center of each plantain and lightly brush the skins with olive oil transfer to the grill over direct heat. grill, turning occasionally, until the skins are charred and the plantains are soft, about 20 minutes cut into thirds., meanwhile, roughly chop the remaining 2 cups basil toss with the watermelon, the remaining lime juice and 2 tablespoons olive oil, the cheese, aje peppers and onion in a medium bowl. season with 14 teaspoon salt. slice the beef and serve with the basil crema, plantains and watermelon salad.in heavybottomed sauce pot, over low heat, add the vinegar and reduce it by half, stirring constantly. add the sugar, coffee and figs and further reduce by 13 volume, continue to stir throughout this step. remove from the heat when you have 34 cup liquid remaining. pour the glaze through a strainer into a small bowl, discarding the solids., preheat the grill to 300 degrees f., season the beef tenderloin with salt and pepper, to taste, and put on the preheated grill. cook on each side until desired temperature is reached, about 7 to 8 minutes for mediumrare. remove from the grill and evenly brush the tenderloin with the balsamic glaze. return the beef to the grill for 5 minutes, allowing the glaze to coat the meat. remove the tenderloin from the grill to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. slice, arrange on a serving platter and serve.in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the wine to a boil. reduce the liquid by half, about 8 to 10 minutes. add the beef tips, steak seasoning, and peppercorns bring to simmer and cook for 5 minutes. stir in the artichokes and peas and cook until heated through, about 4 more minutes. serve hot. with basil mashed potatoes., remove the plastic from the mashed potatoes. microwave uncovered on high setting for 3 minutes. remove from the microwave and stir. return to microwave and cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. stir in the pesto and chopped fresh basil. serve hot.heat a sauce pot over medium heat, add butter to the pot and melt. add almonds and toast 3 to 4 minutes. add rice and the zest of an orange and a lemon then turn the rice to coat, cook 1 minute. add stock and bring to boil, reduce to simmer, cover and cook 17 to 18 minutes., while rice cooks, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat with 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 turns of the pan. pat meat dry. when oil ripples and begins to smoke, add the beef and brown 3 minutes on each side. remove when evenly deep brown and reserve on plate., add remaining olive oil to skillet, 3 turns, heat until oil ripples then add mushrooms and brown 7 to 8 minutes. add garlic after 5 to 6 minutes. season mushrooms with salt and pepper cook a few minutes more. add sherry, reduce 1 minute, add beef stock and beef tips and their juices to pan. reduce heat and cook 3 to 4 minutes more. turn off heat., fluff rice with fork and serve with the beef and mushrooms.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., in a large bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, peanut butter, sugar, and vinegar. add in the cabbage, parsnips, carrots, cilantro, onion, and garlic. toss to coat with the dressing., heat a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. season the beef tenderloin with salt, and pepper, and sear on all sides until brown. transfer the pan to the oven and cook the tenderloin for about 20 to 30 minutes, or until mediumrare and internal temperature is 145 degrees f. remove the beef from the pan. place the pan back on medium heat and deglaze with the soy sauce. stir the sauce to scrape up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. remove the pan from the heat. thinly slice the tenderloin and lay on a bed of parsnip slaw. serve with a side of thai peanut sauce., in a blender or food processor, mix the peanut butter, coconut milk, agave nectar, lime juice, soy sauce, garlic powder, to taste, and red pepper flakes, to taste together until the texture is smooth and loose.to make beef tenderloin preheat oven to 500 degrees f., in a small bowl, combine the salt and brown sugar and then pour onto a baking sheet. roll the tenderloin in the salt and sugar mixture, so that the tenderloin is completely covered. in a large braising pan, heat the oil over high heat. place the whole tenderloin in the hot oil and cook for 4 to 6 minutes on all 4 sides. remove from the heat and place the tenderloin on a baking sheet. finish cooking in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the meat is 140 degrees f. remove from the oven and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes while making the hollandaise sauce. slice into 12inch thick pieces and serve warm with hollandaise diablo., to make hollandaise diablo in a blender or food processor fitted with a metal blade, pulse the egg yolks on low. with the machine running, slowly add the melted butter, lemon juice, tomato paste, hot pepper sauce, to taste, and salt, to taste. pulse until combined. serve over the sliced beef tenderloin.sprinkle the tenderloin generously on all sides with salt and pepper. heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over high heat. sear the beef on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. remove to a baking sheet and cool completely, about 20 minutes., add half of the mushrooms to a food processor and pulse until they are very finely chopped. remove the finely chopped mushrooms to a bowl and continue with the other half of the mushrooms. reserve., heat the butter and remaining tablespoon of oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. once melted and foaming, add the shallots and sweat until fully softened, about 4 minutes. add the mushrooms to the pan and saute until they release all their moisture and then dry, about 10 minutes. add the heavy cream and simmer until thick, about 2 minutes. turn off the heat and stir in the breadcrumbs and parsley. remove the mushrooms to a small bowl, cool completely and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. the mushrooms should now look like a paste., combine the dijon and horseradish in a small bowl. once the meat is cool to the touch, snip off the butchers twine and discard, and then spread the mustard and horseradish mixture all over the beef. place in the refrigerator to chill for 1 hour., adjust a rack to the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees f. line a baking sheet with parchment paper., crack the egg into a small bowl and beat until smooth. dust the work area lightly with flour. roll out the puff pastry with a rolling pin so its 4 inches longer than the tenderloin and 6 to 7 inches wider. brush a 3inch edge of the pastry with the beaten egg. spread and pat the mushroom mixture all over the top and sides of the beef. lay the beef mushroomside down in the center of the pastry and pat the remaining mushrooms onto the exposed side. tuck the 2 ends of the pastry into the beef and then fold up the other sides. place the beef seamside down on the baking sheet. brush all over with the egg wash. cut 3 slits on the top of the roast and sprinkle lightly with flaky sea salt., roast until a thermometer inserted into the beef reads 120 degrees f, about 40 minutes. remove from the oven and rest for 20 minutes before slicing into 1inchthick pieces. the temperature will rise to 125 degrees f, leaving you with a nice ruby red medium rare.place the beef and broth in a 6quart dutch oven, making sure the beef is totally covered by the stock, and cover with foil, leaving a small opening for steam to escape. poke a small hole in the foil and insert an instantread thermometer into the meat. cook over low heat until the beef reaches 125 degrees f, 55 to 60 minutes. transfer the beef to a cutting board and let stand 10 minutes., in a medium saucepan, bring the port to a boil and then reduce until about 13 cup. remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. season with salt and pepper., to serve, slice the beef, top with sauce and garnish with parsley., what makes this recipe really sing because the beef is brought to temperature up so slowly, it is very tender. it would make a killer steak sandwich.remove the tenderloin from the refrigerator 1 hour prior to cooking., on the tail end of the tenderloin, about a third of the way from where it begins to taper, make an incision almost all the way through the beef. fold the tail onto the larger portion to make an even cylinder throughout. use ten to twelve 8inch pieces of butchers twine to tie the tenderloin crosswise every 34 to 1 inch. this will help it to keep its shape and cook evenly., preheat the oven to 225 degrees f., pat the tenderloin dry. brush with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and season heavily with salt and pepper all around. put the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in a castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. when hot, add the beef and sear on all sides until a nice crust is formed, 1 to 2 minutes per side. add the thyme, garlic and 3 tablespoons of the butter to the pan. once the butter is melted, use a spoon to baste the beef with the herb and garlic infused butter for 30 seconds., transfer the beef to a rack on a baking sheet, spoon over 2 tablespoons of the herb and garlic butter mixture from the castiron pan reserve the pan and roast until the internal temperature of the thickest part reaches 120 degrees f for medium rare, 1 to 2 hours, depending on the size of the tenderloin. cover the beef with foil and rest for 15 minutes., add the shallots to the remaining herb and garlic butter mixture in the castiron pan and sweat over medium heat until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. deglaze with the red wine and reduce until almost dry, 5 to 8 minutes. add the beef stock, bring to a simmer and reduce by half, 10 to 15 minutes., meanwhile, thoroughly mix the remaining 2 tablespoons butter with the flour in a small bowl., reduce the heat to low and slowly whisk in the butter and flour mixture bit by bit, until the sauce reaches the desired consistency. serve with the perfectly roasted beef.preheat oven to 350 degrees f., cut the endives in half, remove the core, place in a small pot. add 1 tablespoon butter, salt, pepper, sugar, and 1 cup ale beer. bring to a boil, cover with a piece of parchment paper and place in a 350 degree oven. cook for 30 to 40 minutes, until slightly brown in color and the beer has reduced by 12., meanwhile, heat the oil in an ovenproof frying pan or casserole. season the meat with salt and pepper on all sides. when the oil is very hot, sear the meat, caramelizing all sides evenly. when seared, drain off the fat and add the belgian beer., increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees f., roast the meat in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes. remove the pan from the oven and let the meat rest for 5 minutes before slicing., melt 2 tablespoons butter in a heavybottomed pot, add the onions, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. squeeze the mushrooms out of the juice, and add to the onions, cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. deglaze the pan with 2 cups beer, and reduce until almost dry. then add the mushroom rehydrating liquid, and reduce until almost dry. add the veal stock and the cream, and reduce at low heat until thick. check the seasoning, reserve., to serve, slice the meat in 12 to 14inch thick pieces. place on a plate, surround with the endive leaves. put the wild mushrooms around the meat and cover with a thin layer of the sauce and serve immediately.heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. add the beef and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 3 minutes. add the tomato paste and chili powder and cook, stirring, about 2 more minutes., meanwhile, heat the refried beans in a small saucepan. thin the sour cream with about 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl., spread the beans on the tostadas, then top with the beef and cheese. drizzle with the sour cream. top with lettuce, hot sauce andor cilantro.prepare the beef mix the olive oil, sliced garlic and marjoram in a baking dish. add the beef and turn to coat, then cover and marinate at room temperature, turning occasionally, 1 hour., meanwhile, make the skordalia smash and peel the garlic cloves warm in a small saucepan with the olive oil over low heat until soft, about 12 minutes. meanwhile, peel the potato and cut into chunks. cover with water in a saucepan, season with salt and simmer over medium heat until tender, about 12 minutes. transfer the potato to a bowl with a slotted spoon, reserving the cooking water, and mash with a potato masher., blend the almonds in a food processor until smooth. add about half of the softened garlic, 12 cup of the garlicflavored oil, 13 cup potato cooking water, the vinegar and 34 teaspoon salt puree until smooth. add the potato and pulse just until creamy. transfer to a bowl and stir in the marjoram and parsley., preheat the oven to 400 degrees f. remove the beef from the marinade and scrape off any garlic reserve the marinade. heat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. add 1 tablespoon of the marinade, then sear the beef until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. transfer the skillet to the oven and roast until a thermometer inserted into the center of the beef registers 125 degrees, about 15 minutes. transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes., slice the beef and serve with the skordalia. top with the remaining garlic oil, softened garlic and more marjoram.heat a skillet with 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil over medium heat and add the onions. cook until the onions are golden brown and caramelized, for about 10 minutes. season with salt and pepper, to taste. if the pan is getting dry, add some water. set aside., on high heat, add the remaining extravirgin olive oil in another skillet and lay in the beef when the oil is hot. sear both sides for about 30 seconds, turning only once., add the balsamic vinegar to the beef and deglaze the pan. cook until the balsamic is reduced to a syrupy consistency., plate the beef tenderloins with the caramelized onions on top. drizzle the beef with the balsamic reduction. serve hot.in a smoking hot fry pan or wok, add the vegetable oil and lemongrass and cook until fragrant, then add the garlic and chiles., now add the beef and stir fry for 2 minutes, then season with the fish sauce, soy sauce, and sugar. add the betel leaves and stir fry for a further minute., transfer the mixture to a plate and garnish with sliced chile and coriander cilantro., serve with steamed jasmine rice.in a blender process 1 tablespoon of the vinegar, garlic and chilies to a paste. add remaining vinegar and next 7 ingredients and season with pepper process until combined. in a large bowl place beef and pour blender contents over toss to combine. marinate, covered, 2 hours at room temperature or refrigerate overnight., in a large skillet heat ghee over mediumhigh heat. add onion and saute 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. sprinkle meat with poppy seeds and toss to coat. turn heat to medium and add meat, marinade, bay leaf and cloves. cook, turning beef often, 5 minutes. stir in tomato paste. reduce heat to low, cover and cook 1 12 hours or until beef is very tender. serve with rice.combine the mango, red onion, cilantro, lime juice, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl set aside., heat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the ground beef and cook, stirring occasionally, until it starts browning, about 2 minutes. stir in the tomatoes, chile powder and 34 teaspoon salt. continue to cook until the beef is cooked through and the sauce is slightly reduced, about 2 minutes., divide the beef among the tostadas top with lettuce, the mango salsa, sour cream and cilantro. sprinkle with chile powder, if desired. serve with lime wedges.directions, 1.heat the oven to 425f. place the beef into a lightly greased roasting pan. season with the black pepper, if desired. roast for 30 minutes or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the beef reads 130f. cover the pan and refrigerate for 1 hour. 2.reheat the oven to 425f. beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork. 3.heat the butter in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the mushrooms and onion and cook until the mushrooms are tender and all the liquid is evaporated, stirring often. 4.sprinkle the work surface with the flour. unfold the pastry sheet on the work surface. roll the pastry sheet into a rectangle 4 inches longer and 6 inches wider than the beef. brush the pastry sheet with the egg mixture. spoon the mushroom mixture onto the pastry sheet to within 1inch of the edge. place the beef in the center of the mushroom mixture. fold the pastry over the beef and press to seal. place seamside down onto a baking sheet. tuck the ends under to seal. brush the pastry with the egg mixture. 5.bake for 25 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown and an instantread thermometer inserted into the beef reads 140f. 6.serving suggestion serve with green beans amandine. for dessert serve cheesecake topped with sliced strawberries.heat the oven to 425 degrees f. place the beef into a lightly greased roasting pan. season with the black pepper, if desired. roast for 30 minutes or until a meat thermometer reads 130 degrees f. cover the pan and refrigerate for 1 hour., heat the oven to 425 degrees f. beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk., heat the butter in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the mushrooms and onion and cook until the mushrooms are tender and all the liquid is evaporated, stirring often., unfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. roll the pastry sheet into a rectangle 4 inches longer and 6 inches wider than the beef. brush the pastry sheet with the egg mixture. spoon the mushroom mixture onto the pastry sheet to within 1inch of the edges. place the beef in the center of the mushroom mixture. fold the pastry over the beef and press to seal. place seamside down onto a baking sheet. tuck the ends under to seal. brush the pastry with the egg mixture., bake for 25 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown and a meat thermometer reads 140 degrees f., serving suggestion serve with green beans amandine. for dessert serve with cheesecake topped with sliced strawberries.season tripe with salt and pepper and add to a large stockpot. cover with water and bring to a gentle boil. reduce heat to low and simmer for about 3 hours, skimming any impurities from the surface, while tripe is cooking cover the chiles with water in a separate small saucepot and boil until rehydrated and soft. cool and strain, reserving the cooking liquid. heat one tablespoon of the grapeseed oil over medium heat in a skillet reserving the rest of the oil. when the oil begins to shimmer, saute onion and garlic until the onions become translucent. remove from heat and transfer onions and garlic to a small bowl and reserve the skillet. remove the stems and seeds from the chiles and add to the bowl with the onions. using the cooking liquid as needed reserving the rest of the cooking liquid, mash into a paste with the onions and garlic. using the same skillet heat the reserved tablespoon of grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat and fry the paste for a few minutes. remove from heat and set aside until needed., prepare the hominy as directed on the package, utilizing the remaining chile cooking liquid as part of the cooking liquid for the hominy. usually you will need 4 times as much water as hominy. mix the chile paste well with the cooked hominy. stir into the pot of tripe, season with chili powder and return to a simmer and allow to thicken. ladle into bowls and place small amount of sliced radishes in the center. squeeze fresh lime juice over.heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large pot or dutch oven over high heat. season the beef with salt and pepper. add half the beef to the pot in a single layer and cook, turning, until browned, about 4 minutes. remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl. add 1 more tablespoon vegetable oil to the pot and brown the remaining beef remove to the bowl., reduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and browned, about 5 minutes. add the garlic and jalapeno and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 2 minutes., add the chili powder, cumin, 12 teaspoon salt and the tomato paste cook, stirring, until deep red, about 2 minutes., add the beef and any juices from the bowl, the tomatoes, beef broth and 2 cups water. bring to a boil, then reduce the heat so the liquid simmers. cook, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pot occasionally, until the meat is forktender, about 1 12 hours., add the beans with their liquid and simmer until the chili is thickened, 20 to 30 minutes. season with salt, pepper and more chili powder. top as desired.heat the grill. heat the oven to 450 degrees f., season the filet with 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, and pepper and set aside. in a medium saute pan, heat the butter on medium high and add the leeks. sweat the leeks allowing no color, just cook until clear. add the cream, 1 clove of the garlic and the blue cheese and turn heat to low and simmer for about 20 to 25 minutes, or until the cream has thickened. add salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside., place the filet on the hot grill and mark on the both sides. place the steak in the oven to finish cooking to desired temperature. medium rare is about 12 to 15 minutes. pull from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before cutting. in a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil on high heat and add 2 cloves of minced garlic, and cook quickly until golden brown. add in the spinach and turn heat to medium. begin turning the spinach until wilted completely. season with salt and pepper., to plate, use a warm plate and place the spinach first. slice the filet in 12, widthwise. place the bottom half on the spinach and pour 2 tablespoons of the leek mixture on the filet and place the second part of the filet on top. spoon 3 to 4 tablespoons of the leeks on top of the filet. place 3 to 5 onion rings on top of the filet and serve hot., beer battered onion rings, 1 bag batter mix, 1 dark ale beer, 1 large red onion, sliced in 1 inch rings, heat a fryer or a deep pot halfway filled with oil to 375 degrees f., in a bowl, mix the batter and beer and whisk until thick. coat the onion rings and drop into the hot fryer. fry until golden brown and place on a paper towel to absorb the excess grease. salt while hot.for the chili heat the oil in a large dutch oven over mediumhigh heat., add the ground beef and 1 12 teaspoons salt and cook, stirring and breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until brown, about 10 minutes. transfer to a bowl with a slotted spoon., reduce the heat slightly, add the onions to the pot, and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. add the chili powder and chipotle powder and cook for 30 seconds, stirring. add the tomato paste cook, stirring, about 30 seconds more., return the browned meat to the pot and add the tomatoes, coffee and 2 cups water. bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and cook at a low simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour. skim off excess fat that rises to the surface during cooking., after the hour, add the kidney beans and pinto beans. continue cooking, partially covered, until the flavors have blended, another 30 minutes., for the toppings bar serve the chili in mugs. line up all of the toppings in small bowls and dishes for guests to add as they like.preheat the oven to 350 degrees f., heat a heavy frying pan and sear your piece of meat on all sides, remove. heat the oil in the same pan and saute the spring onions, garlic and ginger until softened. add the soy sauce, half of the coriander, and the chilies., place the seared meat in a roasting tin. pour over the fried vegetable mixture. add the lemongrass and pour the coconut milk and lime juice over the meat. roast for 40 minutes., place beef on a serving dish. strain the sauce, add the rest of the chopped coriander and pour over the meat. serve immediately.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., rub the tenderloin with salt and pepper and brush lightly with oil. heat 1 tablespoon oil and the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. place the tenderloin in the skillet and lightly sear all surfaces of the meat, including the ends. remove the meat from the pan and set aside., add more oil to the pan, if necessary, and then add the shallots and garlic and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. add the mushrooms and saute for 2 to 3 minutes longer. add the oysters and sherry and cook until the oysters are opaque. remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly. drain off any liquid and combine the mixture with the bread crumbs in the bowl of a food processor. process until well blended and nearly smooth. line a colander with several layers of cheesecloth and spoon the pate into it. allow to drain for 10 to 15 minutes. if the pate seems too wet, pick up the edge of the cheesecloth, twist it together, and wring out the excess liquid., roll out the puff pastry dough on a lightly floured surface to form a rectangle less than 14inch thick. spoon some pate into the center of the dough and spread it to form a shape similar to that of the tenderloin. place the meat on the pate then cover the top and sides of the meat with the remaining pate. wrap the pastry around the tenderloin, overlapping the edges to form a seam. moisten the edges with water and pinch lightly to seal. trim the top layer of pastry from both ends and fold the ends up over the sides of the meat, sealing as before. carefully turn over the pastry wrapped tenderloin and place seam side down on a lightly greased baking sheet. brush pastry with the beaten egg. decorate the top with designs cut from the pastry scraps, if desired. brush the cutouts with beaten egg. bake the tenderloin for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown. remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes before slicing.in a medium stockpot, bring water and salt to a boil. add barley and cook until tender, approximately 45 minutes, depending on type of barley used refer to package. drain and set aside. in another stockpot, blanch cabbage leaves in boiling water for 1 minute., in a bowl, combine barley, meat, 12 cup evaporated milk, carrots, parsley, egg and seasonings. mix thoroughly and divide into 12 even portions. place each portion on stem end of a cabbage leaf and roll up tightly. fasten with a toothpick. place rolls in a greased baking dish 13 by 9 by 2 inches. pour remaining milk over the rolls and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes or until cooked through, turn rolls over once to help them cook evenly., heat butter and lemon juice. pour over rolls and sprinkle with paprika then serve.preheat the oven to 450 degrees f., rub the tenderloin with salt and pepper and brush it lightly with oil. heat 1 tablespoon oil and the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. place the tenderloin in the skillet and lightly sear all surfaces of the meat, including the ends. remove the meat from the pan and set aside. add more oil to the pan if necessary, and then add the shallots and garlic and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. add the mushrooms and saute for 2 to 3 minutes longer. add the oysters and sherry and cook until the oysters are opaque. remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly. drain off any liquid and combine the mixture with the breadcrumbs in the bowl of a food processor. process until well blended and nearly smooth. line a colander with several layers of cheesecloth and spoon the pate into it. allow to drain for 10 to 15 minutes. if the pate seems too wet, pick up the edge of the cheesecloth, twist it together, and wring out the excess liquid., roll out the puff pastry dough on a lightly floured surface to form a rectangle less than 14inch thick. spoon some pate into the center of the dough and spread it to form a shape similar to that of the tenderloin. place the meat on the pate then cover the top and sides of the meat with the remaining pate. wrap the pastry around the tenderloin, overlapping the edges to form a seam. moisten the edges with water and pinch lightly to seal. trim the top layer of pastry from both ends and fold the ends up over the sides of the meat, sealing as before. carefully turn over the pastry wrapped tenderloin and place seamside down on a lightly greased baking sheet. brush pastry with the beaten egg. decorate the top with designs cut from the pastry scraps, if desired. brush the cutouts with beaten egg. bake the tenderloin for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown. remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes before carving.brown the beef in the pressure cooker over high heat, 5 to 7 minutes. drain off any fat. add the tomatoes, broth and barley and return to high heat. close the pressure cooker and bring to up to full pressure. reduce the heat until the cooker barley hisses, and cook for 10 minutes., release the pressure using the cookers release device read the manual, or cool the cooker by running cold water over the lid for 30 seconds. open carefully, remove the lid and add the vegetables, herbs, salt and pepper., put the lid back on the pressure cooker and heat to full pressure over high heat. reduce the heat to maintain pressure and cook another 10 minutes. release the pressure as above. remove the lid and cool for 5 minutes, and then serve with vinegar., place the pressure cooker over high heat. oil and salt the oxtail and shank pieces then sear in batches. add the remaining ingredients and cover with water, being careful not to fill above the cookers maximum fill line. bring to a boil and skim off any foam that gathers at the surface. cover and lock the lid. once the pressure builds up inside the cooker, reduce the heat so that you barely hear hissing from the pot. cook for 50 minutes., release the pressure using your cookers release device read the manual, or cool the cooker by running cold water over the lid for 30 seconds. carefully open the lid and strain , squeezing the solids before feeding to the compost pile or the dogs. strain through a fine sieve or several layers of cheesecloth. season and serve or use as a base for other soup recipes.directions, blend egg white, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, ginger, garlic powder, salt and pepper in medium mixing bowl. add beef and stir to coat. cover and refrigerate 30 minutes., combine cold water, oyster sauce, if using, remaining 3 teaspoons soy sauce, remaining cornstarch, and bouillon granules in small mixing bowl. combine well and set aside., heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet. add beef mixture and stirfry over mediumhigh heat until beef is browned. remove mixture from the skillet and set aside. heat remaining oil to the skillet and add the mushrooms and onions. stirfry over mediumhigh heat 1 minute. add bean sprouts and water chestnuts and stirfry for another minute. stir in the cornstarch mixture and the beef and cook until thickened and bubbly. serve with rice and additional soy sauce, if desired.in a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, cornstarch, sherry, brown sugar, ginger and garlic. pour half the liquid over the sliced meat in a bowl and toss with your hands. reserve the other half of the liquid and set aside., heat the oil in a heavy skillet iron is best or wok over high heat. add the broccoli and stir for a minute. remove to a plate., allow the skillet to get very hot again. with tongs, add the meat in a single layer. spread out the meat as you add it to skillet, but do not stir for a good minute. you want the meat to get as brown as possible in as short amount a time as possible. turn the meat to the other side and cook for another 30 seconds. remove to a clean plate., pour the reserved sauce into the skillet along with the beef broth and oyster sauce. cook over high heat until it starts to thicken. add the beef and broccoli back into the skillet and toss to coat. season with salt if needed, serve over chow mein.preheat the oven to 375 degrees f. lightly oil a 9by13inch casserole dish., heat the oil in a large skillet over high heat. when the oil is shimmering, add the beef and sprinkle with the chili powder, cumin, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. cook, breaking up the meat into smaller pieces, until browned, about 5 minutes. add the onions and garlic and cook until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes more. add the beans, salsa and 12 cup water and bring to a simmer cook until the sauce thickens and coats the meat, about 5 minutes. add salt and pepper to taste. this beefandbean mixture can be made up to a day ahead of time., lay half the tortilla chips on the bottom of the oiled casserole dish. spread half the meat mixture on top. sprinkle half the cheese blend over the meat. repeat with the remaining chips, meat and cheese. bake uncovered until the cheese melts and the casserole is hot, about 20 minutes., top with sour cream, lettuce, tomato, avocado and pickled jalapenos if desired. serve with more salsa and tortilla chips on the side.preheat the oven to 400 degrees f., for the meat sauce in a large saucepan or small dutch oven, cook the bacon over mediumhigh heat until nearly crisp, about 5 minutes. add the onions and carrots, season with salt and pepper, and cook until softened, another 3 minutes. add the garlic and cook another minute. add the ground beef and cook until the beef is no longer pink, 6 to 7 minutes. deglaze the pan with the wine and add the marinara sauce and cinnamon. fill the jar onequarter full with water, swish it around to pick up any sauce left behind, and add it to the pot. remove from the heat and set aside., for the bechamel sauce heat the milk in the microwave for 2 minutes. in a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter, and then whisk in the flour. cook, whisking constantly, for 2 minutes. whisk in the warm milk and cook until thickened, whisking frequently, about 10 minutes. add the nutmeg, garlic, salt, and pepper and set aside., for the cottage cheese layer in a blender or food processor, add the cottage cheese, egg, and parmesan, and pulse until the cottage cheese curds are small the mixture will resemble ricotta. season with salt and pepper and set aside., to assemble spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish with cooking spray. spread 14 cup water plus 14 cup meat sauce in the bottom of the pan. lay 3 noodles crossways in the pan. divide the cottage cheese mixture in half. divide the remaining meat sauce in thirds. divide the grated cheese into fourths. divide the bechamel into thirds. add the layers in the following order cottage cheese, meat sauce, grated cheese, and bechamel. then, add another layer of noodles, cottage cheese, meat sauce, grated cheese, and bechamel. finally, add the remaining 3 noodles, meat sauce, grated cheese, and bechamel. spray a large piece of foil with cooking spray and cover the lasagna tightly. bake for 50 minutes. remove the foil and top with the remaining grated cheese and cook an additional 10 minutes, or until the lasagna is bubbling. allow the lasagna to rest 15 minutes before cutting into squares and serving.preheat the oven to 170 to 180 degrees f., in a large skillet over medium heat, cook the onions until softened. then add the ground beef and cook until the beef is cooked through. add the cumin, chili powder, oregano and salt and stir to combine. pour 2 cans of the mexican tomato sauce into the meat and simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. add a little water if the mixture gets too dry., meanwhile, heat the refried beans in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. add the cheese, and stir it in till its melted. remove from the heat., heat the tortillas in the microwave for 1 minute, and then spread a small amount of beans on each tortilla. add a small amount of the meat. fold over the ends of the tortilla, and then roll them up. repeat with the rest of the tortillas. then place them in a large baking dish, cover with foil and keep warm in the oven., when ready to serve, drizzle the remaining can of tomato sauce over all of the burritos and sprinkle with more grated cheddar. return to the oven for a couple of minutes just to melt the cheese., sprinkle the tops with the cilantro leaves and serve immediately to the forkbangers in your life. theyll kiss you and hug you. repeatedly.bring the meat to room temperature, then pat dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. heat the evoo in a dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. brown the meat in batches until well caramelized and brown, then remove to a plate and reserve., to the pan, add the garlic, bay leaf, carrots and onions. reduce the heat and cook, partially covered, 5 minutes. stir in the tomato paste, 1 minute, then add the stock and set the beef back into the juices. cover and reduce the heat to low, cooking until very tender, stirring occasionally and adding a little water if pan gets a little dry, 2 to 2 hours 30 minutes., preheat the oven to 425 degrees f., trim up the beets so they sit upright, but keep the skins on, and spray with olive oil. season the beets with salt and pepper, wrap in aluminum foil and roast until tender 40 to 45 minutes. cool the beets and peel with paper towels, then dice., break up the meat with forks into pieces, then add the beets to the sauce and combine. cool and store for a makeahead meal. reheat over medium heat and add a little stock if necessary to loosen., cook the pappardelle in salted boiling water to al dente, drain and reserve 1 cup of the pasta water. toss the pasta with the starchy cooking water and half of the ragu. top shallow bowls of pasta with more ragu. pass the cheese at the table and garnish with parsley.in a large deep skillet or pot, brown ground beef in oil over high heat. season meat with salt and pepper, then add worcestershire sauce. reduce heat to medium high when the meat is browned and crumbled, then add onion, garlic, red peppers, jalapeno. season veggies and meat with chili powder and cumin. cook veggies and meat together 5 minutes. stir in broth and scrape up pan drippings. stir in diced and pureed tomatoes and black beans. when the mixture comes to a bubble, reduce heat to simmer and stir in cilantro, optional., mix together 2 packages of corn muffin mix with 1 cup milk, 2 beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and sliced scallions. batter should be thick. heat a nonstick skillet or griddle pan over moderate heat. nest a pat of butter into folded paper towel and wipe hot pan surface with it to lightly grease. pour corn cake batter into the hot griddle pan or skillet in 3 or 4inch rounds. cook 2 or 3 minutes on each side, until golden. transfer to a plate and repeat with remaining batter., to serve, top bowls of beef and black bean chili with green onion corn cake toppers. eat the chili and corn toppers as you would a pot pie, grabbing some of the corn cake with each spoonful of chili.heat oil in a large dutch oven over high heat. season the beef with salt and pepper, and saute until browned on all sides. transfer the meat to a plate and remove all but 3 tablespoons of the fat from the pan., add the onions to the pan and cook until soft. add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. add the ancho powder, pasilla powder, and cumin and cook an additional 2 minutes. add the beer and cook until completely reduced. return the beef to the pot, add the chicken stock, tomatoes, chipotle puree, and honey, and bring to a boil. reduce the heat to medium, cover the pan, and simmer for 45 minutes. add the beans and continue cooking for 15 minutes. remove from the heat, add the lime juice, and adjust seasonings., serve with a dollop of toasted cumin crema and avocado relish., place the cumin in a small saute pan over medium heat. toast until lightly golden brown. place in a small bowl. stir in the crema and season with salt and pepper, to taste. place in a squeeze bottle., combine all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper.preheat the oven to 425 degrees f. oil a 2quart baking dish., bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. add the noodles and cook to al dente according to the package directions. drain and put in the prepared baking dish. toss with the sour cream, parmesan and 14 teaspoon salt., meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the ground beef and cook, stirring, until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. add the bell peppers and scallions and cook until crisptender, about 3 minutes. make a space in the pan, add the tomato paste and toast for a minute. sprinkle with the italian seasoning and 14 teaspoon salt. add the diced tomatoes, stir and bring to a simmer. cook until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes., pour the beef mixture over the noodles and sprinkle with the grated cheddar. bake on the middle rack until the cheese is melted and the edges are bubbling, 15 to 20 minutes. let stand for 10 minutes before serving.preheat the grill. in a medium bowl, mash the black beans, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and garlic powder with a potato masher or fork until very creamy. gently mix the black bean mixture with the ground beef. season the mixture liberally with salt and pepper. divide the mixture into 8 equally portioned thin patties. using a pastry brush, lightly coat the outside of the patties with mustard. lightly brush the grill with the oil and place the burgers on the hot grill. cook the burgers until a golden crust is formed, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. slice the mini buns in half and brush with the remaining oil. place the buns on the grill until nicely toasted with grill marks. serve the sliders on the toasted hamburger buns, topped with crunchy grilled crunchy coleslaw., preheat a grill. place the cabbage wedges on a baking sheet, and drizzle with the vegetable oil on both sides. sprinkle with sugar, salt, and pepper, and then toss to coat. grill the cabbage for 4 minutes each side, or 8 minutes total, turning once or until the edges begin to wilt, but the bulk of the cabbage remains crunchy. remove the cabbage from the grill and allow to cool a few minutes. meanwhile, make the vinaigrette in a medium bowl by whisking the orange zest, dijon mustard, and orange juice with the olive oil until it emulsifies. add salt, and pepper, to taste. chop the grilled cabbage, removing the core, and place in the bowl with the dressing. add the parsley and green onion and toss to coat.prepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat., simmer the 6 thinly sliced broccoli stems reserve the extrathinlysliced stem in the beef broth to infuse the broth, 15 minutes. strain out the broccoli pieces and discard., meanwhile, stir together the pepper tops and sweet chile sauce in a small bowl., sprinkle the steak all over with the soy sauce, brown sugar and some salt and pepper., lightly oil the grill grates and then grill the steak to the desired doneness, 3 to 4 minutes per side. let rest., fill a large dutch oven halfway with oil slowly heat to 350 degrees f on a deepfry thermometer. fry the reserved broccoli until golden brown., divide the finished broth among 4 bowls. thinly slice the steak and divide it among the bowls. spoon on the peppersweet chile relish, and top with the fried broccoli stem chips., garnish with chives.heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. add the beef and cook, breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. lower the heat to medium and stir in the beans, chili powder, 14 cup of the salsa and salt to taste. cook 2 minutes., heat the taco shells according to the package directions., fill the shells halfway with the beefandbean mixture. top with some of the remaining salsa. add the olives, sour cream, lettuce and tomato. fan the avocado slices down the middle of 4 of the tacos, making sure the tips peek past the top., lay 1 taco with no avocado flat on a plate for the head. place 2 halved olive slices on top for eyes. put an avocadotopped taco upright and perpendicular to the head for the body. add 4 green pepper legs and 1 tail.heat a wok over high heat and add the oil. when the oil starts to smoke, add the garlic, ginger and chiles, and stirfry for a few seconds. then, add the fermented black beans and stir quickly. add the beef slices and stirfry for 1 minute, keeping the ingredients moving in the wok. as the meat starts to brown, add the rice wine. add the green peppers and stirfry for 1 minute, and then add the stock and bring to a boil. season the stirfry with the soy sauces. combine the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons cold water, add to the wok and stir to thicken. add the ho fun noodles, breaking them up with a spoon and stirring everything toge